I once read that Indians here in America took mescaline and talked to their Gods. I found a sacred experience in ecstasy the same way I read the Indians did. I am not into religion at all but I found one in myself. I found that on E I can make the world whatever I want it to be. When I was on it, I was comfortable doing everything. When I am off the drug I just think about that same thing right there, that all I have to do is start something, and it will be very worthwhile. I used to be a typical unmotivated pothead, but now I think about how much it hurts my mom that I dropped out of high school, and I understand it better and I am now off to get my diploma. I, like the rest of the world's e users, have met so many new friends and people that I will never forget. But, overall, taking E changes your life forever - showing you something new that you were blind to before. 
(with 120 mg) I feel absolutely clean inside, and there is nothing but pure euphoria. I have never felt so great, or believed this to be possible. The cleanliness, clarity, and marvelous feeling of solid inner strength continued throughout the rest of the day, and evening, and through the next day. I am overcome by the profundity of the experience, and how much more powerful it was than previous experiences, for no apparent reason, other than a continually improving state of being. All the next day I felt like 'a citizen of the universe' rather than a citizen of the planet, completely disconnecting time and flowing easily from one activity to the next. 
Luke.  I am your father.
expressing anger is necessary
(ashke) id like to take someone from the 1950s (ashke) like some 15 year old kid (ashke) and show him the internet (ashke) "GOLLY GEE LOOK AT THAT DONKEY HAVE SEX WITH THAT LADY"
It's only too late if you dont start NOW!
at times inactivity is preferable to mindless functioning
While he was patient enough to hear about her Donna Karan panty hose, their relationship was over when she started discussing how her power puss punctured the puny panty panel.
Not all who wander are lost...
it's better to be naive than jaded
HELP! I'm trapped in this fortune cookie factory!
"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."
...and now a word from our sponsor >>>
Don't take things so hard: a couple years from now no one will give a flying fuck that you ever existed.
I like traffic lights, I like traffic lights, I like traffic lights, although my name's not Bamber.
loving animals is a substitute activity
class structure is as artificial as plastic
Snakes: nature's quitters. What IS your fascination with my forbidden closet of mysteries? I am the lizard queen! We must move forward, not backward, upward, not forward, and always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom. In America, first you get the sugar; then you get the power; then you get the women. Nobody gets into heaven without a glowstick.
This scares me, but I'm in Rome.
I'm a doctor, Jim, not a pyrotechnician.
Silly faggot, dicks are for chicks.
Azuera lies far out to sea like a rough head of stone... Utterly waterless, it has not soil enough, it is said, to grow a single blade of grass, as if it were blighted by a curse. The poor, associating by an obscure instinct of consolation the ideas of evil and wealth, will tell you that it is deadly because of its forbidden treasures. Tradition has it that many adventurers in the olden time had perished in the search.
BLACKROCK Limeric:One long year to hear them say,those special words we hear today.  A tear is shed,for what is said; "Welcome Home", and enjoy your stay.
This 2 shall pass
They say ignorance is bliss, and I've noticed you smile an awful lot.
Body odor is the key to the soul
Love is a language and la la means I love you.
If the funeral procession is at night, do folks drive with their lights off? 
If I cannot Erect, then I will Hula!
THE OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THIS MESSAGE ARE SOLELY THE AUTHORS' AND DO NOT NECESSARILY REFLECT THOSE OF BURNING MAN, DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION, RENSSELAER POLY-POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE, PENN STATE, IBM, NASA, HARVARD UNIVERSITY, SCIENTOLOGY, ATARI CORP., STANFORD UNIVERSITY, BITNET INC., SOFTWARE TOOL & DIE, INFOCOM, PRODIGY, RALSTON PURINA INC., JAPAN, LYNDON LaROUCHE, THE SYSOP OF USENET, GEORGE BUSH, THE LONDON TIMES, ORACLE CORPORATION, WILLIE WHISTLE, STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION, THE HOME SHOPPING CLUB, THE HAIR CHANNEL FOR MEN, OR THE CITY OF NEW YORK. HOWEVER YOU CAN'T SUE ME FOR SAYING ANY OF THIS BECAUSE IF YOU SUE ME YOU'D HAVE TO QUOTE ME IN COURT AND THEN I'D SUE YOU FOR QUOTING THIS COPYRIGHTED (C) MESSAGE!!! MY COUSINS ARE ALL LAWYERS !!!!!
keep something in reserve for emergencies
Nothing, not even the rain, has such small hands.
Can you hear me now? Good.
The man is burning...upon the ancient playa...warming like the sun. -- Sister GoldenHairSoFine
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
"FREE YOUR MIND.. AND THE REST WILL FOLLOW"
Mr. P: I don't know the numbers. Mr. S: I know you don't know the numbers. Mr. P: I know the numbers now. Mr. S: I know the numbers now too. Q. What are the two numbers? 
in the forest, there's a monster.. and it looks so very much like me..
the universe is the divine contemplating the paradox of its own non-existence
I did what with the neighbors dog, for how many cookies ?
the family is living on borrowed time
We're a capital couple are Bloom and I.  He brightens the Earth, I polish the sky.
Rub it slowly, with the same pressure you might use rubbing Aladdin's lamp: more than a dusting, but you don't need to polish the brass. The genie will pop out before you can say "Shazam."
What's another word for thesaurus? 
I'm fatter than Elvis and cheekier than Jesus!
playing it safe can cause a lot of damage in the long run
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
If you're a cowboy and you're dragging a guy behind your horse, I bet it would really make you mad if you looked back and the guy was reading a magazine. 
Hi Mom!
murder has its sexual side
wake up!
Let go of my ears, I know what I am doing.
I'm an exellent beer filter
nothing upsets the balance of good and evil
men are not monogamous by nature
That supreme Brahman, the Self of all beings, the great prop of the universe, smaller than the smallest and larger than the largest, eternal: That is what *you* are! You are truly That!
You're some sort of big, fat, smart-bug, aren't you?
A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience.
Please disregard this message.
Sweet sincerely, now sleep soundly. High above the land still may good dreams stand. Along with sparkling starlight and the blue moon glow, Come thee to rest within that which I know.
What is the meaning of all of this?
Conserve toilet paper, use both sides. 
your modern face scans the surprise ending
All things in excesses, moderation is for Saints and fools
Make hickies on my back.
get small with opus
Sit on my face and tell me that you love me.
ambiguous differences existing between the minimal vocal                                               vibrations which are not yet interpretable and the articulations which are already                                               significant
Long live the Kingdom of Slack!
let us fold the wings of our visions. it's night. buildings, all angular, on each other topple. shadows are fractured. the street lamp is a broken flame. in the room a wooden wind mows away the furniture. it's hard for the mirror to retain the table and the orange-laden tray. and my face is emerald. you are a flight, a poem, in your black dress, of black angles in this motley world. you theorem in mourning, your press your sharp knee against the ceiling. good god, in this eerie, alien world, letters of life, and the whole lines, have been transposed by the typesetters. let's fold our wings, my lofty angel. -nabokov
Should you remain silent and be thought a fool,]]
<cheech> responsibility is a heavy responsibility
it is fun to walk carelessly in a death zone
The Social Insecurity System is going bankrupt.
Ota, go!
AGUE/VAGUE is a two-syllable word which becomes a one-syllable word by adding a letter or letters. Other examples: AGUE/PLAGUE, RUGGED/SHRUGGED, AGED/RAGED, AGED/STAGED [Stuart Kidd].
you can't expect people to be something they're not
<Spooky> So I'm arguing with this guy about Starwars <Spooky> which I hate <Spooky> And he's like: " I hated episode 1 cause jar jar was stupid" <Spooky> and I said that Jar jar was about as stupid as ewoks <Spooky> and he got all idignant and said ewoks were cool <Spooky> WTF IS WRONG WITH STAR WARS FANS
Sure I have big gambling debts, but all I have to do is win the lotery once and everything will be Jake...So, can I borrow $10 or what?
children are the cruelest of all
New Wire-to-Wire Connector System Reduces Costs and Intermates
Do my pits stink?
to Appreciate NONSENSE requires a serious INTEREST in Life !!!
Dogs come when they are called, cats take the message and get back to you.
"This is very midsummer madness." - Shakespeare
when there's no safe place to sleep you're tired from walking all day and exhausted from the night because it's twice as dangerous then
For the Lord thy God is a consuming fire....  -- Deuteronomy
Playing out on the surfaces of the words between persons, for the 'psychological tension between characters' (which, in conventional literature gets reductive and hydraulic pretty fast).
Live forever but die a little each day.
Flow with whatever may happen and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing.
This event has been recently transformed into a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Time-Warner Communications Corporation.
It sure feels good to feel good.
BE PROUD!!!
This place only sucks as much as you do
timidity is laughable
the navigator!
grass roots agitation is the only hope
If you get invited to your first orgy, don't just show up nude. That's a common mistake. You have to let nudity "happen."
I've a good mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it.
Sorry I didn't make camping trip I suddenly realized that it was 8pm and I'd been to Carnaval most of the day and I didn't know what time Groovement was going on and I thought, well, damn, I should hop that there Bart train and head over to B.'s so I can take J. up on the ride to camp he offered and then I thought about that for a while and I wondered if the had already played and by the time I started thinking about how much I should be going again it was nine thirty and I got this message that this radio station in Cleveland was asking people to call in and paint and draw, so I called in and made some drawings over the air which they put echoey effects on the scratchy sounds of the drawing and tried to hold forth high-falutin' discussions about art technique and then I also remembered last year when I gave away my tent and thought, I wonder if I would need a tent and a sleeping bag and decided, yeah, those probably would have been good things to keep rather than give away, and then I thought well, I've already thought about that and decided I should have kept the tent and the sleeping bag, so now I've just wasted valuable thinking I could have spent on other things like drawing over the radio in Cleveland or cleaning my room or how it's my birthday and it was a pretty good one except I really wanted to go camping but didn't get my act together and my back aches and that wouldn't have helped any sleeping on the ground with that particular problem but probably everyone had so much fun and eclipse and low tide and stuff that nobody bothered going to sleep and it was probably unimaginably fun like some kind of rave party with wild and wacky cavorting all over slide ranch and now I've missed it from being so damn distracted and disorganized DAMN DAMN DAMN YOU DISTRACTION AND DISORGANIZATION and how maybe sometimes I'm ashamed to be around my shirt no pants friends because you are so much cooler than me I mean it, I am not worthy no wait a minute, I'm too good for anybody to even look at oh no I'm not, I'm just medium or something or I'm just C.B. and I will probably clean my room and be all organized soon and use my cheap punk-ass non-palm organizer to finally turn my life into that thing where you arrive places on time and folks meet you in exotic locations for delightful fun and delicious potluck frenzies but I have been saying "I need to start getting organized and work on my Time Management Skills" for a long time, like twenty years, I am not kidding you, I found some notes I wrote to myself when I was fourteen that say "I have to get organized and work on my Time Management Skills," and maybe it's time to realize that's just not going to happen or else it would have by now, boy I'm jealous of people who do that thing and you all make it look so easy, even though there's that thing I get very very impatient with when a lot of people are like standing around and saying "we should eat here, no here, no let's call this person, no we should go here and meet up with X and Y, well what do you want to do, oh you never want to do what I want to do, c'mon let's do this it'll be fun, oh wait but first I have to call Z," but I should try not to be so impatient with that because that's what time management is, and I guess for the impatient it's not fun, it's work, which is precisely why I'm so proud of you all for being able to do that thing, and make such groovy scenes happen, without like being all whiny and saying "could you give me a ride to the thing" all the time because you grew up with a car and don't quite instinctively realize that the bus and Bart work just fine, but not for Slide Ranch they don't, but maybe the time management skills would mess that up too, it always seems to take a long time for me to get anywhere, and it might be a sort of Autism Habit and Not Sure About Party Chat and Secret Desire To Stay Home and Play By Myself as I Have Become All Too Accustomed to Doing, even though nothing too terrific comes of that, not like the feeling of having been camping with gorgeous friends such as you snop listers, though I have a Gorgeous Friend arriving this evening to worry about, and my parents picking me up this morning to take me to some kind of sinister "Birthday Party For Me," so anyway I hope you all had great time camping and that I was there in spirit, I even had this Idea that maybe I couldn't go but I should make a tape recording to send explaining, and also provide a cardboard cutout of C.B. with a moveable mouth part, or sock puppet, such that when the tape recording plays the mouth of the effigy can be moved so that it really really looks like I'm right there with ya talking, but then if I would have had the time to go through all that trouble then I might as well have had the time to get it together to go camping, and if I hadn't gone to Carnaval then I wouldn't have spent all that time at Carnaval and then I would have had time, anyway I hope you had fun camping and that it was no donnybrook. I feel sort of bad because I told so many I was definitely going and then made a liar out of myself again. But tomorrow is another day and frankly my dears, I hope you had a wonderful time! And I'll have some kind of party next mo and I hope you'll all come to it next month even though I've been such a reclusive flake! And I'll try not to take up anymore of your time with this e-mail!
faithfulness is a social not a biological law
Sometimes naked, sometimes mad, now the scholar, now the fool, thus they appear on earth, the free men 
4388 5430 2966 8310 Expiration 06/03
I am a man and nothing human is foriegn to me.
If the only prayer you ever say is Thank You, it will be enough
A: 'I came to Casablanca for the Waters' B: 'The waters? What waters? We're in the desert. A: 'I was misinformed' --from Casablanca
I think a good product would be "Baby Duck Hat." It's a fake baby duck, which you strap on top of your head. Then you go swimming underwater until you find a mommy duck and her babies, and you join them. Then all of the sudden, you stand up out of the water and roar like Godzilla. Man those ducks really take off! Also Baby Duck Hat is good for parties. 
Dinner Special-Turkey $2.35; Chicken or Beef $2.25; Children $2.00 
Building a city in the soul of a nation. That's what I did on my summer vacation
MTA-50 Connector Cuts Contact Spacing In Half
Queers have more fun!  The line starts here.
Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke.
8-|-<  8-|
stig67: If the bread is lust, the jam should be another flavor...like disappointment
It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us.   -Nelson Mandela
Please send more police, the last one's were delicious....
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble on the playa
so little space,so much to lose
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us...   Marcel Proust
Fear could be the weapon with which logic defies fate.
 Anytime four New Yorkers get into a cab together without arguing, a bank robbery has just taken place.
dance on down to the government and tell them you're eager to rule because you know what's good for you
The mind is a terrible thing
Why do we play in recitals and recite in plays? 
If you wake up at a different time in a different place, could you wake up as a different person?
At night the body of clouds smother the whole quiet gulf below with an impenetrable darkness. Sky, land and sea disappear together. The few stars left below the seaward frown of the vault shine feebly as into the mouth of a black cavern. In its vastness your ship floats unseen under your feet, her sails flutter invisible above your head.
"Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing"
To the person who asked if they could 'borrow' my underpants for 10 minutes. Of course you can. Just ignore the, um, stains.
Waste is a question of morals, not economics. - Cabinboy
The terrain of true love is not so much about the individual who wears Love's face, but simply the fact that a face appears that is willing to wear the Love.
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
savor kindness because cruelty is always possible later
We agreed to meet at La Dolce Vita in North Beach. I spent another hour debugging code and fielding emails, then took the elevator down and set out north on Kearny. I had half an hour to get to the restaurant, so I took my time, and tried hard to see the city that so many others had fallen in love with. I soon gave up. The city's fabled hills and bridges, bathed in translucent late afternoon California sunlight, were unnaturally gorgeous, pristine and soft-edged, like something created by the worker elves of ILM up in Marin. But down on the street there was hardly anything but squalor and madness. San Francisco, like many women, was best appreciated at a distance. On impulse I stopped at the Sanrio store and bought a wildly overpriced plush toy, an abstracted penguin named Bad Batz Maru. I stuffed him in my bag so that his head stuck out, and he stared impolitely at the sidewalk sleepers we passed on our way through Chinatown. The Destroyer was waiting for me at the restaurant, loitering near the entrance and smoking. When she saw me she smiled and crushed her cigarette under her sneaker. I kissed her on the cheek and we went inside. We had to wait for a table so we headed for the bar. I ordered Maker's rocks and she asked for a gin and tonic. We both crossed our legs as we sat on our stools and her knee rested on my shin. "So, do you do that sort of thing often?" she said. "What?" "Pick up girls at laundromats. You do that a lot?" "Not when I'm sober," I said. She sipped her drink. "I see. Who's that?" "Who him?" I turned Bad Batz Maru's head so he gave her a long saucy up-and-down look. "This is a friend from work. He didn't believe I'd actually made a date with a girl without paying cash up front, so he insisted on seeing for himself." Bad Batz Maru looked at me and then back at her. I supplied the wolf whistle. "He thinks you're cute," I said. "He says, 'Hola, mami, you want to take me home?'" She said, "Fresh thing!" I handed her the penguin. "He's pretty cute too," she said. "I want to bite him. Are penguins good eating?" She made Bad Batz Maru look at me in alarm. I laughed and noticed the maitre'd waving us to our table. We switched to wine and managed to put away a bottle between the salad and the entr e. By the time the check arrived, we'd finished a second and made a brave attempt at a third. I paid the bill and then we were back on Broadway, surrounded by tourists and sailors and ragged hippies hailing from the Land of the Lost. The flashing lights of a dozen strip clubs threatened to trigger epileptic seizures in the milling crowds. "Have you ever been in one of those places?" she asked. She swayed against me. "No, my mom won't let me," I said. She punched me on the shoulder. "Don't be a dick. Let's go to one." Well. What do you know. I turned and arched an eyebrow for the benefit of the imaginary audience watching at home. "Which one? This one?" I gestured to the open double doors beside us, garishly lit by hundreds of exposed lightbulbs. A hideous old broad who was probably younger than me, stick thin in a red teddy and 6 inch heels, waved me to come in. I grinned drunkenly at her and started pulling the Destroyer with me. "No, not that one," she said. She started pulling me towards the street. "We have to get a cab. It's on the other side of town. Mitchell Brothers." "Whoa, hey," I said. I thought furiously. Was Tsing Tao dancing tonight? Was tonight her night off? I couldn't remember. Fuck! "That's far. Cabs are fucking expensive. We could tip out two strippers for the cost of getting over there. What about this one? The Garden of Eden. 'Put your serpent in our burning bush.' That sounds good, right?" "Don't be a fag," she said. "Mitchell Brothers is the best. No pasties." "I had no idea I was dealing with an aficionado. How about this one? Preja Vu. 'You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet.' That sounds good!" "I want to go to Mitchell Brothers," she insisted. She pushed me back to arm's length. "Unless there's some reason you don't want to go?" Well, yeah, actually, my ex-girlfriend dances there and it might be a little uncomfortable if she saw me walk in with- Right. "Nah. No reason. Just lazy," I said. "Give me convenience or give me death." "I'll make it real easy for you, I promise," she said, and then we were climbing into a taxi and she was climbing up on me. "Ummmm Polk and O'Farrell," I mumbled around her tongue. We made out in the back seat of the cab like prehistoric teenagers at the drive-in and the driver watched us in the rearview mirror. We arrived at the theater ten minutes later and the Destroyer fell out of the cab onto the sidewalk. I paid the driver. He winked at me and said, "Take good care of her now, my friend." There are few things creepier than another man's lust. I paid our cover at the door (forty for me, twenty for her) and had totally forgotten my misgivings until I saw I saw Tsing Tao up on the stage, naked but for a pirate hat on her head, a stuffed parrot on her shoulder, and leather buccaneer boots that ran up to her mid thighs. She was doing remarkable things with a empty bottle of Captain Morgan. Yo ho ho, indeed. Tsing Tao's co-star, Jade, was writhing on the floor stage right. She too was naked but for a pair of assless, crotchless black pantaloons. Jade was a contortionist and apparently had bound her right leg tightly, heel to ass, so she could sport the wooden peg leg (the foot, conveniently, was a phallic bulb) she waved languidly at Tsing Tao. A techno remix of Gilbert and Sullivan roared from the house speakers. The Destroyer said, "Oooh. I love pirates!" I pinched the bridge of my nose. You didn't have to be Jeanne Dixon to see the disaster that loomed in my future. "Let's sit in back where we can have some privacy," I said. "Noooo I want to see the shooooow," she said. "I want to watch you watch those hot girls." She grabbed my hand and pulled me to a small table up front. Tsing Tao and Jade had reached the climax of their show, in which Sing made the deep personal acquaintance of Jade's false wooden leg. I'm not sure who spotted me first-I think maybe Jade did, and her involuntary start of surprise alerted Tsing Tao that something was up-but then Sing was locked on me. Her face kept spasming in histrionic orgasm and her cries of "Oh you nasty cut-throat OH you scourge of the Seven Seas" never faltered, but her face was a plastic Halloween mask, held on with a rubber band. Her eyes never left mine, and I could tell she was pissed. The Destroyer was rubbing my thigh under the table. "God, this is hot," she said. "Thank you for taking me." She cradled my face in her hand and stuck her tongue in my ear. I swooned. Tsing Tao and Jade left the stage and Motley Crue came on the sound system. The Korean businessmen went wild, pumping their fists in time to the music as the next girl came on and started working the dance pole like a gold medallist in the X rated Olympics. The Mitchell Brothers theater doesn't serve alcohol-some stupid law about serving in the presence of fully nude women-so I suggested we pop across the street to the liquor store on the corner to top off a bit. I was profoundly drunk, and intent on staying that way. We got stamped by the doorman on the way out and walked across the street. I bought a half pint of Jack Daniels and we reposed in doorway next to the store. We sat on the step and passed the little paper bag back and forth. After the fourth swallow we abandoned the bottle for some lucky alcoholic and returned to the club. Crossing the street was an adventure all by itself. We managed to reach the wall of the theater and then navigated by touch back through the entrance. Our old table was still open, so for nostalgia's sake we collapsed there. "I want to buy you a lap dance," the Destroyer said. "Is that OK?" "Well sure," I said. She took out a twenty and held it up, trying to attract the attention of one of the girls circulating through the club. Then Tsing Tao was standing next to her. "You want a dance, honey?" she said. "I want you to dance for him," the Destroyer said. "Oh, he's cute," Tsing Tao said. She stroked my cheek. She seized my chin in her hand and turned my face from side to side, pretending to look me over. I seemed to be passing out for microseconds; things moved jerkily as if strobe lit, as if every 4th frame had been removed from the film I was watching. "This will be fun," she said. "Honkey Tonk Woman" by the Rolling Stones came on. Keith Richards plucked rudely at the strings of his Telecaster and Tsing Tao draped her arms over my shoulders. She let her tits sway against me. She crossed her arms behind my head, pulling my face under her jaw. I said, "What are you doing?" but the rock was blaring and she either didn't hear or pretended not to. She straddled me and expertly located my hard-on with small movements of her hips. I couldn't tell if her accuracy was due to familiarity or professional skill. Once she had me where she wanted me she began to rock back and forth, a little kid in ritalin slo-mo commanding her drug store horsy to gidddyyyy-apppp. Her skin was damp and she smelled like a pastry oven. She hadn't looked at me once since she started dancing. The Destroyer grinned wolfishly as she watched us. I couldn't tell which one of us she wanted more. Maybe neither. Maybe it was the anonymous spectacle that got her off. I couldn't figure out what I was feeling. It was exactly what I wanted and the worst possible way to get it. The whiskey rolled in my stomach like stormy seas but I'd never been harder in my life. I wanted to fuck Sing til little cartoon birdies floated around her head and then I was probably going to be sick all over her. She stood up and turned around. Muscles flashed and jumped under her skin. I gripped the edges of my chair as hard as I could to keep from running my hands along her ribs and cupping her tits. She was maneuvering me into what I knew was her favorite sexual position. She brought my legs together between hers. She placed her hands on my knees and arched her back. She rolled in her ass in front of my face, her mesmerizing eye concealed only by the thing blue string of her thong. She let one hand creep inside my inner thigh, promising, promising, and I hated myself as I felt my hips move forward, begging. Instead she brought her hand back to my knee and sat painfully back in my lap. I was lucky my cock didn't snap in half. I cried out and the Destroyer went, "Wooooo!" with Mick Jagger and then it was over. I was breathing hard and sweating. So was Tsing Tao. We stared at each other, boxers between rounds. The Destroyer said, "That was so good" and invited Tsing Tao to have a drink with us. Sing said, "Oh you are so sweet, thank you!" and sat down. I swallowed a groan and asked the waitress to bring us three five dollar cokes. A towering frat boy approached the table waving a twenty and Sing said, "Later, honey, can't you see I'm sitting with friends?" She turned to the Destroyer. "You seemed a little left out," she said. I offered to buy the Destroyer a lapdance. She said, "Oh no, no. I just like to watch. I'm sort of shy." Tsing Tao said, "Maybe you'd like it better if we had a little privacy?" My mouth tasted like I had been sucking on tin foil. I knew my line. I said, "Like the Private Fantasy Booth?" Sing turned back to me, eyes wide. "I think that's a great idea," she said. She stood up and took the Destroyer by the hand. She led her through the maze of tables. I followed, weaving slightly. I bumped a table and spilled part of someone's drink but I didn't stop to apologize. Tsing Tao drew the Destroyer to her and took her arm. She leaned in close and whispered in her ear as they walked. Then she looked back at me and winked. The bitch. A massive bouncer allowed us into a roped off area at the back of the club. There was a row of heavy black velvet curtains and Tsing pulled one back, inviting us in. Then she let the fabric slip closed into place and we were alone. The main stage was only a dozen yards away, AC/DC thundering from the speakers, but in our little compartment it was as muffled and private as a confessional. Tsing Tao had me sit on the little love seat at the end of the booth. She stood very close to the Destroyer and kept whispering in her ear. Her hips swayed in tiny movements in time with the distant music. She put the Destroyer's hands on her hips and slowly backed her towards me. When the back of her legs touched my knees Tsing Tao pushed her gently into my lap. My arms automatically went around her, my hands sliding under her shirt, and she twisted around to kiss me. She licked my teeth and bit my lips. I cupped her tiny breasts and pinched her nipples hard enough to make her gasp. Tsing Tao reached over to turn a knob that brought the music from the stage into our little lounge. Lynyrd Skynyrd broke over our heads in a thunderclap. She climbed on top on the Destroyer and started her act. Suddenly I was supporting the weight of two women and what had seemed a fabulous idea in the abstract was now crushingly concrete. I couldn't get a decent breath. My hands fell from the Destroyer and lay listlessly on the cushions. They had forgotten me. I was just a lumpier cushion. Tsing Tao was no longer dancing. She kissed and fondled the Destroyer, who responded in kind. Sing bit her neck and raked her throat with her teeth and then looked at me, the lobe of the Destroyer's ear caught in her teeth. The Destroyer's heavy breathing began to vocalize as moans, growing in volume as Sing pulled her shirt up and went to work on her breasts. I watched over the Destroyer's shoulder as Tsing Tao unbuckled the girl's belt and slid her pants out from under her ass. Then she slipped a hand between her legs and the Destroyer's moans began to reach porn star volume until Sing moved past her towards me and the Destroyer sucked on her breasts like an infant. Tsing kissed her ears and cooed to her. But she was talking to me as she said, "Ooooooh baby is this what you want? Is this what you oh honey that feels good, do you like this? Is this what you want? Are you a little slut? Are you my little slut?" The Destroyer gasped, "Yeah, yeah." I felt my eyes fill with tears. Tsing Tao reached around behind the Destroyer, unzipped my pants and pulled my cock free. She started lapdancing again and then I slipped inside the Destroyer and she started howling "Oh god awwwwwooowww god FUCK ME PLEASE FUCK ME." Tsing Tao grabbed Bad Batz Maru and shoved it in the Destroyer's mouth. I thought God this is really fucking bad but instead of stopping I grabbed the Destroyer's bony hips even tighter and tried to split her in half. She spit out the penguin and muffled herself in Tsing Tao's breasts. Sing rested her chin on the blonde girl's head and watched me. She offered encouraging moans of her own but her face was stony. I should have stopped. I should have thrown them both off me and walked out. But I just wanted to be with Tsing Tao again, even if she would only get as close as this hate-fuck-by-proxy. I fucked the Destroyer as hard as I could and pretended she was the next girl down. When I came Tsing Tao bit her hard enough to leave mirrored crescents of angry red dents on her shoulder. The Destroyer collapsed back against me. She tilted her head back and nuzzled my throat. I stared at the floor. Tsing Tao got up and said, "I've got another show in five minutes." I struggled to pull out my wallet. I handed her five twenties and she accepted them with a small triumphant grin. Then she slipped out through the heavy black curtain. I was suddenly aware our little love nest stank of cologne and old come. "Oh my god, that was fun," the Destroyer said. "Can we do this again sometime?" 
<asr> 'fo sheezy. <Sabboth> what the fuck does that mean in english? you should understand that having a day job precludes me from 'keeping it real' and as such, I lack a certain familiarity with the language of the 'streets' as it were.
Someone would have to love me enough to hit me.
Read the empty space around these words.
boredom makes you do crazy things
In Swahili, jiji means "city" and kijiji means a small city or village [Gerald Gathuto].
"No matter where you go, there you are"  - Buckaroo Banzai
Viola Narvilly!
Drop your pants, put your hands over your eyes, and smile...
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
snowy snowy snowy Red Dresses Blue Water Ice Cream Orgasasms Love is Now
This is going to hurt me more than it is going to hurt you.  -Dad
Still, it would be a great mistake to abandon your work on the perpetual motion machine.
The Green Turtle Cult lives forever - mowgil.com
This is a story of twin Siamese kittens, or, more specifically, of their shared appendage; it is a tail of two kitties.
smell the magic
true freedom is frightful
The most amazing growth occurs after a storm.
Who you are, is only limited by who you wish to be!
Quantum mechanics and fly fishing are my religions.
Gravity sucks...
Mark D. Lew points out that BEVY not only has its letters in alphabetical order but is also symmetrical in its distribution over the alphabet (that is, B and Y are equidistant from the center; likewise E and V). BY and LO also meet this description.
 The second day of a diet is always easier than the first. By the second day you're off it.
thinking too much can only cause problems
that I too had a dream, and I heard in my dream that I too had a dream, and I heard in my dream that I too had a dream, and I heard in my dream that I too had a dream, and I heard in my dream that I too had a dream, and I heard in my dream 
Speaking of inspirational forces of justice and light, does Dick Cheney even fucking exist? Was he an urban legend? Or is he 1,000 miles under the ground playing Tetris with Osama bin Laden?
You take the blue pill, you'll fall asleep, wake up naked in someone else's bed, and believe.... whatever you want to believe... you take the red pill, then we can go to this really cool rave that they have every sunday night!
How can there be self-help groups? 
One might be in love with the poet Wallace Stevens, but No. 1, he is dead, and No. 2, he was an insurance executive for the Hartford, and No. 3, he would not look good in a bra and panties.
in a dream you saw a way to survive and you were full of joy
It's not how old you are but how you are old.
This message gives you permission to kiss the next person you want to kiss. If they ask, just refer them to this message.
Did you ever notice that whener you're on a long road tri...HOLY SHIT! I don't know what that it, but it's behind you and it's got fangs!
I built a hyperdrive so I could travel to Uranus. I used the little plastic LED mounting grommets for the hyperspace field inverter stability indicator. The voice coil and spatial alignment matrix next to it was, of course, an issue, but the LED faired well. Even though a high-output dynamo was near causing an inverse spatial field flux, I was able to get it in the aux. plate using a cordless drill and a small bit. Umbriel is wonderful in the spring.
Fear is the mind killer.  It is the little Death that brings total oblivion.
if you live simply there is nothing to worry about
The heart is the hub of all sacred places, go there and roam in it.  Sri Nitananda
Oh Yeah
a solid home base builds a sense of self
I gotta be me
we love you..., DUSTFISH
SELECTED EXAMPLES OF ICE MELT AROUND THE WORLD
Rules thrive where brains fail.
A man needs a good memory after he has lied.
Hello Handsome man: I saw you at the Book Passage for the discussion of Lynne Murrary's new book "A Ton of Trouble"... Although I don't weight a TON... I am a big girl and I can be Trouble with and accent on FUN!!! You sat in the asile wayyy wayyyy away from me... and I would love to know if sometime you would like to sit wayyy wayyyy close to me for a cup of coffee or glass of wine. me 
Dreams are the blueprints of your future reality.
 I'm not into working out. My philosophy: No pain, no pain.
For the love of God, please stop staying "radical self-expression."
CATERCORNER has eight spellings in W3: catercorner, cater-cornered, catacorner, cata-cornered, catty-corner, catty-cornered, kitty-corner, and kitty-cornered. Another dictionary has cater-corner.
the future is now!
<nitrifik_> damn, I have to leave in 10. I haven't even eaten. :| <mightyflo> irc is a cruel mistress <nitrifik_> not as cruel as real mistresses. <mightyflo> you get what you pay for
I used to be indecisive now I'm not so sure.
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
you must disagree with authority figures
The Fony Whirled
The World is all that is the Case.
solitude is enriching
you little bitch troll from hell
I AM JACK"S SMIRKING REVENGE
A little work, a little sleep, a little love and it is all over.
have you ever really LOOKED at your hands?
Everyone has a photographic memory, just some forget to put in film
Bob GO HOME an 8 inch is another word for Ledded pipe...E~vol E.
dying and coming back gives you considerable perspective
Wanted. Man to take care of cow that does not smoke or drink. 
you can pull yourself out of any hole
[Mike Turniansky, Jim Cook, and Stuart Kidd contributed to the letter-size section].
Wanted: Hair cutter. Excellent growth potential. 
We live in secret cities and we travel unmapped roads...
The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word 
Teacher seeks pupil. Must have an earnest desire to save the world.
There's Only One!
you dig your own grave
How about a refreshing drink from our Snack Bar?
Has anyone seen my contact lens?
phonetic isn't.
DaYaPlUsT DrEaMs
I get all warm inside anticipating our little date.
What is he saying? That he has a bad case of loving the doctor? Man, that's stupid.
You are Not what You Own.
it's all good!
We have a lost child answering to the name of Timmy. Please claim him at Center Camp.
So there I was. naked, on fire and horribly confused...
You must do the thing you think you cannot do. (Eleanor Roosevelt)
change is valuable when the oppressed become tyrants
playing cards have the top half upside-down to help cheaters
ETAOIN SHRDLU is defined in W3 as "a combination of letters set by running a finger down the first and then the second left-hand vertical banks of six keys of a Linotype machine to produce a temporary marking slug not intended to appear in the final printing." The word comes from the layout of the keys on a Linotype machine. The letters also correspond exactly to the sequence of most frequently used letters found in English writing. That is, "e" is the most frequently occurring letter, followed by "t," etc., according to one study.
I don't want it to   look natural because then I would be making a documentary film. 
What's the ratio of newspaper photos of dead Afghan civilians to stockbrokers holding their heads in their hands?
<cheech> responsibility is a heavy responsibility </cheech>
turn to the person next to you and hug them
If the wimmin don't findya handsome, they should at least findya handy.
heater cores look like baby radiators that fell out of the sky for my enjoyment.. i just wanna give them a hug they are so cuddly
What does cheese say when you take its picture?
You know what they say about destiny:  It has a tendency to happen.
if you can't leave your mark give up
go where people sleep and see if they're safe
wow golly
what if they see me
physical culture is second-best
There is no enemy anywhere.
declan - I hear you've moved on. / My heart still belongs to you / And your sweet, sweet brogue. - j.
Morning in the bowl of night has flung the stone that sends the stars to flight, and, lo, that mighty hunter of the East has caught the sultan's turret in his noose of light.
Sky's Law: You can't fall off the floor.
dance with your shadow...then dance with me
Day three: wife growing fangs.  Daughter displaying signs of kleptomania.  Son barking uncontrolably.  Think the experiment will result total success.
What if we all decided to quit playing their game?
Don't believe everything you think
Perhaps you have been too busy to notice, but the concern about our global food supply is real! Major news magazines are reporting that after a quiet few decades, talk of a world food crisis is again in the air. Government leaders, economists and scientists are seriously pondering such sobering questions as: Does the world face a global shortage? and Will the world starve? There is a growing sense of urgency.
groove spelled backwards is evoorg
Capitalism Kills
Those who know don't speak, and those who speak don't know.
Some words which change from one to two syllables when letters are removed are: SOURCE/SOUR, BOAT/BOA, HAVE/AVE, CAVE/AVE (etc.), WHOLE/OLE, SOLE/OLE (etc.) ANHUNGRY is one answer to the question, "What's the other word besides 'angry' and 'hungry' that ends in 'gry'?" This is the most frequently asked question of the editors of Merriam-Webster. Actually, "angry" and "hungry" are the only two words in common use ending in -gry, but quite a few obsolete or obscure words can be found in unabridged dictionaries. Among them are ANHUNGRY, used by Shakespeare, and AGGRY BEAD, both of which are in W3. The only -GRY words in RHUD2 are ANGRY, HUNGRY, HALF-ANGRY, OVERANGRY, and UNANGRY. Chambers has AGGRY (an adjective describing certain ancient West African beads) and AHUNGRY (oppressed with hunger). OSPD has PUGGRY (a variant form of the more usual PUGGAREE, a scarf wrapped around a sun helmet). The OED has angry, an-hungry, begry, conyngry, gry, higry pigry, hungry, iggry, meagry, menagry, nangry, podagry, skugry, unangry. [An alternate solution this question is the word "language." The person actually says, "Think of words ending in -gry. Hungry and angry are 2 of them. There are three words in the english language. What is the third? You use it everyday. If you paid attention I have already told you the answer." More on the -gry question can be found at http://www.quinion.com/words/articles/gry.htm and at http://www.tempe.gov/library/netsites/gry.htm.]
EWE and YOU are pronounced exactly the same, yet share no letters in common. Another example: EYE/I, OH/EAU (de cologne), A/EH, AWE/OR (Australian pronunciation) [Dan Tilque, Chris Hendricks, Stuart Kidd, Philip Bennett].
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
You are not a beautiful and unique snowflake.  You are the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the world.
There's never a first time.
Ian Dury, R.I.P.
No MOOP in the poop!
Giant teal frugbugs ambled contently along the water's edge and piddled one by one in a row at my feet. I waited for the end of the rain, but I fell asleep before even the jimflys had begun their nightly dance.
class action is a nice idea with no substance
Liberalism thrives on ignorance.  Say yes to school vouchers.  Say yes to choice.
Just *TRY* to be easily amused.
It is better to do the right thing poorly than the wrong thing well. - Peter Drucker
<briansex> i am sliding my hand up your leg what do u do? <sully> I tell you I'm a guy?
Don't worry, be happy.
Are you my mother?
ARE YOUR BALLS SWEATY.....NEED A LICK?
I WANNA BE SEDATED
It's such a fine line between a good man and a bad
I like this gel seat, it feels just like a butt.
you should try getting out once in awhile
If a man speaks in a forest, and there is not a woman to hear him, is he still wrong?
The World Is Mine!
private property created crime
Stop Searching Forever. Happiness is just next to you.
there is really no way to over-estimate the importance of all this
Lets Roll
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
warning...................watch out for the girl that does 2 dudes she will take both of you to the cleaners she will let you know she wants 2 dudes then she will get you drunk then you are broke, watch out
refresh refresh refresh refresh refresh refresh refresh refresh refresh refresh refresh
The first rule of White Club is you don't talk about White Club.
BOB BISHOP PRESENTS ... APPLE-VISION !!!
If you can't fly UP to the tower, don't fly DOWN from the tower.
If you're not confused, you're not paying attention.
Enjoy the moment, .. it's your life. -- Richard
In the Theatatus Socrates relates: "Methought that I too                               had a dream, and I heard in my dream that the primeval letters or elements 
what a piece of work is a man, how noble in reason, in form and moving how express and admirable, in action how like an angel, in apprehension how like a god.  The beauty of the world, the paragon of animals.
Here are your waters and your watering place. Drink and be whole again beyond confusion. - Robert Frost
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeing new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
All things considered, insanity may be the only reasonable alternative
If you can't say anything good about someone, come sit right here by me
Denounce your dry ways!! Embrace the moisture!!
Poker rules supplement: A .44 Magnum beats 4 aces.
the land belongs to no one
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
labor is a life-destroying activity
Quiet night world, eh?
To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no choreography and the dancers hit each other. 
<orion`-`-> what the fuck <orion`-`-> i think the icecream truck just hit a kid <orion`-`-> brbrb
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
It's a pornography store, I was buying pornography.
But you are, Blanche, you are in that chair.
It's been almost a year since I fucked up and lost you forever. Not a day goes by when I don't think about you and what could have been. You still look as beautiful as ever and I am a fool for ever treating you the way I did. I doubt you'll ever see this, but you are the love of my life, and no amount of time will ever change that...
i love you, angel. every day i love you more, and every second my luck grows by having you in my life.
drama often obscures the real issues
Hermann lay with Esmerelda, entwined with one another among love-tangled sheets and he thought how this one constant yet mercurial woman was one whom he could hold in his arms forever, although eventually he'd have to get up to go to the bathroom.
"This precious stone set in the silver sea, this sceptered isle." - Shakespeare
I feel alot more like I do now than I did before.
WHAT URGE WILL SAVE US NOW THAT SEX WON'T?
strong emotional attachment stems from basic insecurity
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
it is man's fate to outsmart himself 
Steel cock rings do come in sizes, which is another reason to use them with someone you know well.
Look up. Isn't the sky amazing right now?
Simple to play, rythmically pulsating to dance to, & sexually levitating, so I've been told.
with perseverance you can discover any truth
NOTHING IS TRUE... ALL IS PERMITTED...
Gravity is like perspective, and you can change both at will.
you can never outrun yourself
It's pithy.
Kwijybo. A big dumb balding North American ape. With no chin.
The most delicious thing i've ever tasted.
hello to the head motherfucker whats in charge
there is no music in space
DUST MAKES US HIGH!!!!!
Burn the PlayaChicken!!
Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious.
Hey, I'm a reasonable guy. But I've just experienced some very unreasonable things.
enter if you're sexy and you love jesus
smells like fish and roses
Anyhow don't hold your Tulip
oontz oontz oontz oontz oontz oontz oontz oontz oontz oontz oontz oontz oontz
it's good to give extra money to charity
I'm God And you'r my Goddess..just look around what we've Done...Eric Amsterdam
to the bar!
Viva la vie Boheme
Speak Friend and Enter
awful punishment awaits really bad people
Don't look at my sheep that way pastor.
A property development company in the Canadian territory of Nunavut is the Katujjijiit Development Corporation, with six consecutive dotted letters [Craig Rowland].
the most profound things are inexpressible
you are responsible for constituting the meaning of things
the cruelest disappointment is when you let yourself down
Eat little, wear less.
why do i even have to *think* about your ex-girlfriend?
If your friend is already dead, and being eaten by vultures, I think it's okay to feed some bits of your friend to one of the vultures, to teach him to do some tricks. But only if you're serious about adopting the vulture. 
There is no bad ale. Some are just better than others.
<Aaron> +v *** Crappy sets mode: +v Aaron <Aaron> typing +v made crappy put me on +v automatically? <Crappy> maybe, try typing +b :) <Aaron> +b *** Crappy sets mode: +b *!*@m57-mp1-cvx1a.bre.ntl.com
My limbs are heavy and soft, liquid lead, your red ink stings my eyes, your body's negative space - the carnal void - sucks like the red-hot nothing between the stars...
Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.
How Do You Know Your Limits Unless You Exceed Them?
there's nothing except what you sense
Whenalieisloudenoughtoheartheliersaysshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Shirt No Pants 4-Eva!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Live every day as if it's your last and some day you'll be right.
Yes, but invention is the mother of necessity. -- Thorsten Veblein
I Love You.
Warning: Dates in Calendar are closer than they appear.
Pardon my driving, I am reloading.
Light as a feather, stiff as a board.
All in all  Each man in all men  all men in each man.  All being in each being  Each being in all being.  All in each  Each in all.  All distinctions are mind, by mind, in mind, of mind.  No distinctions no mind to distinguish.
Use the force, Luke!
No matter where you go, there you are
All we want to do is dance, dance, dance, without our pants.
Where are Preparations A through G? 
Who farted?
I want to be, hammered on E, in an Octopus's Garden, in the shade...  Resting my head, on the dome bed, 'cause Captain's just warmed up the DMT...
I'll miss you Bryan and Darby!
Homer: Oh Lisa, there's no record of a hurricane ever hitting Springfield. Lisa: Yes, but the records only go back to 1978 when the hall of records was mysteriously blown away.
Don't panic!!!  Remember that everything is temporary.
Swim Forest, Swim!
you'll fall asleep, wake up naked in someone blank. That's one of the tenets of myCathedral.  I'm gonna sit here naked and I'll lookanywhere.
at times your unconscious is truer than your conscious mind
Nature is often hidden, sometimes overcome, seldom extinguished.   -- Francis Bacon
shoot into infinite space to hit a target in time and call it inevitable
I'm going out to clean the pasture spring. I'll only stop to rake the leaves away, And wait to watch the water clear I may. I shan't be gone long - You come too.  -Frost
Save the Whales. Collect the whole Set.
Hi Mom!
Dance, said the Sheep Man, you gottadance as long as the music plays.
You are a beautiful gift, a wonderful treasure
Pyromania is Love expressed in Fire
If something is worth doing it is worth over-doing.
I freeze and yet am burned
anger or hate can be a useful motivating force
singing is a trick to get people to listen to music for longer than they would ordinarily 
technology will make or break us
I am going to wait till I see that no one is pulling the tree and reboot templar. Problem is people are always pulling the tree around here. heh.
if she be false, then heaven mocks itself
The God Of Rabbit istle sends The starlight Goddes His Spiritual Love Fibes
shine on you crazy diamond
Hallo Istle Queen..Amsterdam is sending Love straight from the spine
i'm one too.
it's better to study the living fact than to analyze history
Nothing could get me to suicide-bomb myself. I don't even know how to construct the fucking active verb form of the shit, it's so fucked!
Hans!
Love to love you baby.
ideals are replaced by conventional goals at a certain age
I wonder if my dog is O.K.
the world operates according to discoverable laws
Don't sweat the little stuff
Lets go Fishing
You Gold Jetta South on 101 in Redwood City, Very cute, Great smile. Me Green Explorer, Hoping to see you again. I got caught in the slow moving lane tried to catch up. What are the chances you even read these? Here's for hoping 
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog. 
if the answer is so simple, then why is the question so hard?
Move along, nothing to see here, move along.
The still waters of a lake reflect the beauty around it.  When the mind is still, the beauty of the Self is reflected in it -- B.K.S. Iyengar
Our bikinis are exciting. They are simply the tops. 
The world is truely a great place to live in
Find one in every car. You'll see.
you never know what people really think about you
GET SCORCHED!
Best fishing in troubled waters.
Keep smiling, you never know when someone will fall inlove with your smile.
Go see the starlite drive in....E
What did Maify open the zipdisk throughout the out-of-date chatroom?
The worst thing about censorship is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.
that which exists is not limited to the conceivable
pain can be a very positive thing
it's just an accident your parents are your parents
I feel a lot more like I do now than I did before.
Live gently upon the earth.
My cat's breath smells like cat food.
haiku:   Golden Apple shines/ the Chaos in my heart laughs/ Tiamat reborn!        Hail Eris!
You may not get what you pay for, but you pay for everything you get.
<yesyouam> ever since i had my face broken i've been a total wuss.
Thank you. 
animalism is perfectly healthy
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.
sex differences are here to stay
Other than that Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?
My username is JCFrench, my password is "French1"
Most mammals, whether elephant or elephant shrew, average the same number of heartbeats in their lives: about 800 million
INSPIRED BY HIS NEVER-ENDING QUEST FOR PROGRESS, IN 2084 MAN PERFECTS THE ROBOTRONS: A ROBOT SPECIES SO ADVANCED THAT MAN IS INFERIOR TO HIS OWN CREATION. GUIDED BY THEIR INFALLIBLE LOGIC, THE ROBOTRONS CONCLUDE: THE HUMAN RACE IS INEFFICIENT, AND THEREFORE MUST BE DESTROYED. YOU ARE THE LAST HOPE FOR MANKIND.
Be ispired to watch others be inspired by your inspiration
to err is human -- to really screw up requires a computer.
lose your FURginity
we are all made of stars "moby"
"No spectators," "no spectators"...show what are you looking at, asshole?
Mae fy mam yn fyw ac mae hi'n byw yn Florida.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
could you keep it down? we're trying to sleep.
people who don't work with their hands are parasites
"They do not like me because they know I am capable of setting things on fire." - Paul Dixon
Whatever you believe imprisons you. -Robert Anton Wilson
All Hail Waterboy!
Those AVON art cars are way cool...
you are a victim of the rules you live by  
What the hell is a foxel?
Illumination project #19 "Tsunomi" Charlie Gadeken The illumination project: Creating world Class art and lighting it on Fire 
illness is a state of mind
frink
DABCHICK (a small bird) is among the very few words that contain ABC. Some others: ABCOULOMB, ABCHALAZAL, ABCAREE, CRABCAKE, DRABCLOTH. Allowing intervening punctuation, there is SAB-CAT (a saboteur) in W2 and W3 [Susan Thorpe in WordsWorth]. Proper nouns include BABCOCK, ABCOUDE (city in the Netherlands), and ZABCIKVILLE (city in Texas). There are also ABCHASICA, ABCHASICUM, and ABCHASICUS, all three of which are botanical names for Paeonia Plants found in the Caucasus [Philip Bennett].
the beginning of the war will be secret
between each heartbeat lies the universe
If patience is a virtue, and ignorance is bliss, you can have a pretty good life if you're stupid and willing to wait
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
civilized people walk funny
Our earliest successful forums focused on the technology of communication vital to a full and unfettered People's Voice, ensured the freedom of our information highways when they were on the verge of being lost, and ushered in a whole new age of digital connectivity that enabled, rather than disabled, our self-governance. 
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
My ego is much smaller than yours.
Bestiae sumus, ut non bestia simus.
It's a trick get an axe!
Beaver Fever--catch it!
unquestioning love demonstrates largesse of spirit
potential counts for nothing until it's realized
Are those real?
with a black lab at the park Damn you are beautiful. I am sure you are taken and I hope she appreciates you-
GO WHERE PEOPLE SLEEP AND SEE IF THEY'RE SAFE
beauty must die.
Hi Mom!
Julie why didn't you join me.
I'm.... getting..... DIZZZZY!!!!...
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
i love you, grammie!
Didi is whirled away to dance again, and Geoff wanders off to wreak havoc among the party sausage rolls....
kenwrench: i am the jam of lust
LOST??  Head back into center camp, turn left at the tall flags, go three blocks south, turn right two blocks, go past the big pink dolphin, walk up to the naked guy wearing the pink boa carrying a watermelon and say... "Where The Fuck Am I!?"
The Universe is full of magical things, patiently awaiting our wits to grow sharper.
you can live on through your descendants
No man is clever enough to know all of the evil he does.
Richard, what are you doing in my blue dress and heels? - Richard's mom
Who are you?  What do you want?
F0 0F C7 C8: LOCK CMPXCHG8B EAX
Where in the Hell is Carmen Sandiego's Luggage?
Beijing has three dotted letters in a row (in lower case). Other words with multiple dotted letters are remijia, bogijiab, pirijiri, kharijite (which are all in W2), gaijin (in OSPD3), Fiji, Hajji, hijinks, Ujiji (where Stanley found Livingstone in 1871), Ajijic and Pijijiapan (cities in Mexico) jinjili, ijijim (Nauruan for the adjective "lean," and Nauruan is a palindrome!), Shijiazhuang (Chinese city).
It's better to be thought a fool than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt.
<Guilty> Now I see that your Utopia is more of a Fruitopia
Wretched excess is just barely enough!
May you always be happy and your enemies know it.
This, too, shall pass
ever seen that movie? The Matrix? with those green lines of flying text? *THAT'S* Perl
Quad in 30.
you get the face you deserve
Mouse, Bat, Follicle, Goose Creature, Ampersand, Spong, Wap Caplet, Loose Liver, Vendetta & Prang
stasis is a dream state
Is it possible to be totally partial? 
The more you drive, the less intelligent you are.
the sum of your actions determines what you are
i am larry harvey
I'm a little confused. Are U.S. citizens allowed to kill suspected terrorists now?
There's No Place Like Home, There's No Place Like Home!
my bluefat birthday present to  myself is burning man. what's yours? we're all bluefats at heart.
Everyone is agreed that the growth of cyber technology is destined to transform the world. It will profoundly affect the distribution of economic and political power in our coming century and, with equal certainty, it will transform the manners and mores of everyday life. Most of these effects are incalculable, but it does seem clear that this revolution will liberate us, like other technologies before it, from the constraints of time and space. Whether it is good, in a given instance, to be liberated from time and space, is, of course, another question. As Americans we tend to believe that any advance in individual liberty or convenience is an advance upon the road to freedom. Yet I believe many of the problems which beset our modern convenience culture result from having been "liberated" all too well--displaced from the necessary axis that we as human beings require in time and space. If the "information superhighway" functions in any way like an actual superhighway, we are in serious trouble.
Redefine participation
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off NOW! 
teasing people sexually can have ugly consequences
beautiful you...i still dream a little dream about you within my dreams. never stop loving you. i wish i could just stop thinking about you.
Aha! You think you have me outnumbered just because there are more of you!
hi Max
No matter where you go, There you are.
an elite is inevitable
 Don't spend two dollars to dry clean a shirt. Donate it to the Salvation Army instead. They'll clean it and put it on a hanger. Next morning buy it back for seventy-five cents.
The FIREDANCE Drum & Dance Sacred Fire Circle Adam Fleischer www.firedance.org/magicfirecircle/additional%20info.html FIREDANCE is a magical drum and dance celebration. We join together in community and we create a sacred place for deep play. We drum and dance the fire circle, connecting nature, our bodies, our voices and our selves with the magic of the fire and the spirit in each of us -- join us for the FIREDANCE Drum & Dance Sacred Fire Circle at our Fire Circle out on the Playa, at about 60 degrees, between The Man and The Esplanade. Look for our banners. Wednesday at 10 PM. Thursday at 11:30 PM. Friday at 1 AM. Saturday after the burn until sunrise! Bring your drums and shakers and other percussion toys, bring your dancing feet.
put food out in the same place every day and talk to the people who come to eat and organize them
Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere may be happy. 
**WELCOME HOME**
Randy lay there like a slug; it was his only defense.
the idea of revolution is adolescent fantasy
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
livinalielivinalietimmah!
<TURBOMEAT> my car caught fire. <TURBOMEAT> I tried to flick a cigarette out the window <TURBOMEAT> and it was only like 1/4 down <TURBOMEAT> so it bounced off the window and went under the seat <TURBOMEAT> 2 streets later there was smoke billowing out from under me <TURBOMEAT> it landed on some paper <TURBOMEAT> then started to burn the material under the seat <TURBOMEAT> I wish someone had TOLD me smoking could be hazardous
It's all One Kiss
Dedicated with love to friends across thw world who could not be here with us this year, especially Brett and JC, and Summer and Shawn...
You are NOT the swedish furniture you buy
Oh, Lou. For Christ's sake, give it a rest.
"I was asked to track images, then there was a meeting"
in this life you've got to use all of your senses
We don't see things as they are, we see things as we are. --Anais Nin
a single event can have infinitely many interpretations
My Falcon - Flying high like a kite our passion soars with the wind!
guy with the saint bernard in G G park on sunday I have seen you there 2 sundays in a row now and i also have a saint bernard. maybe we will be like 101 dalmations and our dogs will attract us to each other
fuck dancing, let's fuck
Nothing Lasts
it seemed that it would be much more immediate if the material was spoken by men and women 
Take me with you. You are my leader.
you must be intimate with a token few
Whistleworks The Burning Chicagoans http://barkley.org/whistle The Whistleworks Steam Whistle Project. Whistleworks will allow the citizens of Black Rock City to become ceramic artists and help build a steam powered musical sculpture that once complete, will be the centerpiece of drum circle performance. In the floating world, The Steam Whistle will turn water into music.
The "Truism" dramatized                                     a depersonalized and amoral information landscape throughout juxtapositions. 
A continuous present, and using everything, and beginning again
would you like some fresh ground pepper?
BAD HACK BAD HACK
choose happily. be happy with your choice.
NIIOMTPLABOPARMBETZHELBETRABSBOMONIMONKONOTDTEKHSTROMONT
unique things must be the most valuable
resolutions serve to ease your conscience
Once the trust goes out of a relationship, it's no use lying to them anymore.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
Undistracted Presence Beyond Hope and Fear is the True State of Knowledge... Kunjyed Gyalpo
sweet playa manna in the form of a simple gift from you.
god spelled backwards is dog
THE HIGHWAY IS FOR GAMBLERS
cabbage bump
Does anyone have some duct tape?
Now the difference between giving gifts and the world of commodity transactions is really rather striking. The great thing about dealing with commodities is you don't have to be connected to anybody. I mean all that's required of you when you buy something in a marketplace is a sum of money, and your inner resources are beside the point, have nothing to do with it. It's non-connective. And that's good, in its way, because it lubricates transactions. It means that the rubber of Brazil or the resources of the world can be efficiently conveyed to you by the miraculous workings of this market. But it's very non-connective. As a contrast with that, when you give a gift or receive a gift from someone, it creates an immediate moral bond with them, this feeling of human connection. In some sense, their life energy enters into you, and that, of course, is where community begins. Of course, we live in a world where opportunities for that sort of experience are becoming rare. You know, at one time in the history of the West this wasn't so. Half of the economy was a gift economy, and this was enforced by cultural norms. In tribal societies, gift economies are virtually a norm. But in our world, the giving of gifts has dwindled down, if it exists at all, maybe into the realm of the family. If your mother asks you to get a quart of milk, you probably won't charge her, nor will you tote that up because of course you're connected to her.
Money and success don't change people.  They merely amplify what is already there.
Several Mork and Mindy plots were based on the drunken ramblings of Richard Nixon when he was deep, deep in the Watergate crisis.
When once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci
occasionally principles are more valuable than people
What is a "free" gift? Aren't all gifts free? 
Well, Billy, do you want to share that with the rest of us?
<DCBastard> leave the advanced tab alone <DCBastard> if you were advanced you'd know how to use it
I hope you get where you are going and are happy when you get there -Kerouac
ARTISLIFEISART
Don't panic!!!!
Sorry, I don't date outside my species. 
 Have you ever noticed? Anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac.
I'm cleverly disguised as a responsible adult.
I think, therefore I have a brain.
I like blinky things...especially your blinky things..
I'll leave my mind beneath the mat so you can let yourself in
Your only true friend is the -D-U-S-T-  Balloon.
 If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight.
Well of course this is going to be the last year, you know.  Yup - Larry Harvey decided the event's gotten, like, way too big. And so next year MTV's going to organize the whole thing. I'm serious. Yeah, man, I read it on the internet.
if you're going to gamble away your life sexually, don't play a lone hand too often.  -mark twain
If knees were backward, what would chairs look like? 
(with 60 mg of the "S" isomer) The effects began developing in a smooth, friendly way at about a half-hour. My handwriting is OK but I am writing faster than usual. At the one hour point, I am quite certain that I could not drive, time is slowing down a bit, but I am mentally very active. My pupils are considerably dilated. The dropping is evident at two hours, and complete by the third hour. All afternoon I am peaceful and relaxed, but clear and alert, with no trace of physical residue at all. A very successful ++. 
to volunteer is reactionary
<Zybl0re> get up <Zybl0re> get on up <Zybl0re> get up <Zybl0re> get on up <phxl|paper> and DANCE * nmp3bot dances :D-< * nmp3bot dances :D|-< * nmp3bot dances :D/-< <[SA]HatfulOfHollow> i'm going to become rich and famous after i invent a device that allows you to stab people in the face over the internet
be careful, he has a revolver!
Texas has more metal buildings than any other state.
Oh, be quiet, he doesn't have to do you now!
Love is the word.      Eric Newborn
You can have everything you want, you just can't have it all at the same.
kilroy was here
Is it hot out here, or is it just you?
The big difference between seeking inner peace, and death, is that being dead doesn't make you some kind of new-age fag.
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them? 
Its Friday, I'm In Love
Welcome home ladies.
HEATHER ANN GANDSEY- DOES YOUR *MOTHER* KNOW YOU ARE HERE????
Wit is seen in the answers given, wisdom is seen in the questions asked.
government is a burden on the people
Marlboro Lungs Oliver Kahn 
I'm trying to be conscious.
hands on your breast can keep your heart beating
All Playa are belong to us!
Why do all conversations inevitably return to butt-sex?
embrace the myssterry...
we aren't all hippies.  nor naked drug-crazed wackos.  though some of us are.
The sauce will never be this good again
Carved out of their usualrepresentational contexts, the language goes to work all the more extravagantlyon our nerves
In the middle of the journey of our life, I found myself astray in a dark wood where the straight road had been lost. -- Dante's Inferno
monomania is a prerequisite of success
People laugh at me for keeping my money in a big tin bucket. Well you know what? A big tin bucket is not gonna fucking lie to me about its financial performance!
I need a doctor my monkeys swolen..
just like a bird that sings up the sun...in a dawn so very dark...such is my faith for you...such is my faith...and all the world's darkness can't swallow up...a single spark...such is my love for you...such is my love...-nick cave
the idea of transcendence is used to obscure oppression
Remember- In Striving To Attain, All Attainment Comes From Non-Striving. ...And Please Folks- Dont Drink And Strive.
And now, the Superstore-unequaled in size, unmatched in variety, unrivaled inconvenience. 
I know! What's next -- George W. Bush is gonna hold a press conference and fuckin' rip his face off and it's gonna be Ming the Merciless up under there? Jesus!
no left turn unstoned
FEEL THE BURN !
We laughed, and we laughed, and we laughed, like there was no tomorrow.  And then tomorrow came.
Calypso music is good for the soul. Just ask Himmler.
we must make sacrifices to maintain our quality of life
Live long and dance! Run around in SHIRT, NO PANTS!!!!
For Rent: 6-room hated apartment. 
"your hair's too long" some people say, you should get it cut today.  But I like my hair this way, you see.  It's what makes me, me.
In the reign of the young one who has succeeded his father in the kingship, lord of diadems, most glorious, who has established Egypt and is pious towards the gods, triumphant over his enemies, who has restored the civilized life of men, lord of the Thirty Years Festivals, even as Ptah the Great, a king like Ra, great king of the Upper and Lower countries, offspring of the Gods Philopatores, one whom Ptah has approved, to whom Ra has given victory, the living image of Amun, son of Ra, PTOLEMY, LIVING FOR EVER, BELOVED OF PTAH, in the ninth year, when Aetos son of Aetos was priest of Alexander, and the Gods Soteres, and the Gods Adelphoi, and the Gods Euergetai, and the Gods Philopatores and the God Epiphanes Eucharistos; Pyrrha daughter of Philinos being Athlophoros of Berenike Euergetis, Areia daughter of Diogenes being Kanephoros of Arsinoe Philadelphos; Irene daughter of Ptolemy being Priestess of Arsinoe Philopator; the fourth of the month of Xandikos, according to the Egyptians the 18th Mekhir.
being alone with yourself is increasingly unpopular
somewhere out there, in the darkness beyond the lights of the camps, the bunnies watch, wait...
if you're considered useless no one will feed you anymore
If the human brain wasn't so complex that we could understand it. We would be so simple that we couldn't.
there are too few immutable truths today
a lot of professionals are crackpots
Great Dames for sale. 
It's not a crack "house," it's a crack "home."
Why don't we organize and take over one state, then another...
Watch with waving witnessed which way. Would whirled when would.
Why are you wearing that stupid man-suit?
A friend is someone you call to help you move. A real friend is someone you call to help you move a body.
Water water every where
everyone say "PLAYA!"
oh that this too too sullied flesh would melt, thaw and resolve itself into a dew.  Or that the everlasting had not fixed his cannon 'gainst self slaughter.  Oh, god, god, how weary, stale, flat and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this world.
es lebe das geheime deutschland.
Have you Volunteered today?
failure is impossible
The war on drugs supports terror. If you support the war on drugs, you support terror too.
Look into my eyes, and we will know.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
[Amanda2] Alright [Amanda2] Here's what I'm going to do [Amanda2] I'm gonna sit here naked and I'll look anywhere I itch to make sure it isn't because of a flea
silly holes in people are for breeding or are from shooting
host contacted, sending login information...there are no new messages on the server.
Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot. 
FABACEAE (a family of beans in some classifications) is the longest word which can also be a hexadecimal numeral (consisting only of A, B, C, D, E, and F). Other hexadecimal words are ACCEDED, BEDFACE (a word used in the building industry), DEFACED, and EFFACED. DEADBEEF in hex is often used in computers to mark an invalid number or address. DEADBEEF is the name of an attack on a public-key cryptographic protocol, consisting of publishing a key with the same key ID as a previously existing key. In PGP and GPG, the key ID is the last few digits of one of its numbers in hex. To demonstrate this attack, someone created a key ending in 0xdeadbeef, so it is called a dead-beef attack. The hex code "DEADC0DE" (including a zero) also coded as "0xdeadc0de" (0x meaning hex) is sometimes used in programming [Sven Silow, Ted Clarke, Bruce D. Wilner, Pierre Abbat, Mike Geller, Scott McCarter].
Having been erased, the child functions in any way like an actual modern convenience. Allshortcuts have disappeared. Screen, mind. Both are blank. 
To 40 g of thin aluminum foil cut in 1 inch squares (in a 2 L wide mouth Erlenmeyer flask) there was added 1400 mL H2O containing 1 g mercuric chloride. Amalgamation was allowed to proceed until there was the evolution of fine bubbles, the formation of a light grey precipitate, and the appearance of occasional silvery spots on the surface of the aluminum. This takes between 15 and 30 min depending on the freshness of the surfaces, the temperature of the H2O, and the thickness of the aluminum foil. (Aluminum foil thickness varies from country to country.) The H2O was removed by decantation, and the aluminum was washed with 2x1400 mL of fresh H2O. The residual H2O from the final washing was removed as thoroughly as possible by shaking, and there was added, in succession and with swirling, 60 g methylamine hydrochloride dissolved in 60 mL warm H2O, 180 mL IPA, 145 mL 25% NaOH, 53 g 3,4-methylenedioxyphenylacetone, and finally 350 mL IPA. If the available form of methylamine is the aqueous solution of the free base, the following sequence can be substituted: add, in succession, 76 mL 40% aqueous methylamine, 180 mL IPA, a suspension of 50 g NaCl in 140 mL H2O that contains 25 mL 25% NaOH, 53 g 3,4-methylenedioxyphenylacetone, and finally 350 mL IPA. The exothermic reaction was kept below 60 C with occasional immersion into cold water and, when it was thermally stable, it was allowed to stand until it had returned to room temperature with all the insolubles settled to the bottom as a grey sludge. The clear yellow overhead was decanted and the sludge removed by filtration and washed with MeOH. The combined decantation, mother liquors and washes, were stripped of solvent under vacuum, the residue suspended in 2400 ml of H2O, and sufficient HCl added to make the phase distinctly acidic. This was then washed with 3x75 mL CH2Cl2, made basic with 25% NaOH, and extracted with 3x100 mL of CH2Cl2. After removal of the solvent from the combined extracts, there remained 55 g of an amber oil which was distilled at 100-110 C at 0.4 mm/Hg producing 41 g of an off-white liquid. This was dissolved in 200 mL IPA, neutralized with about 17 mL of concentrated HCl, and then treated with 400 mL anhydrous Et2O. After filtering off the white crystals, washing with an IPA/Et2O mixture, (2:1), with Et2O, and final air drying, there was obtained 42.0 g of 3,4-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine (MDMA) as a fine white crystal. The actual form that the final salt takes depends upon the temperature and concentration at the moment of the initial crystallization. It can be anhydrous, or it can be any of several hydrated forms. Only the anhydrous form has a sharp mp; the published reports describe all possible one degree melting point values over the range from 148-153 C. The variously hydrated polymorphs have distinct infrared spectra, but have broad mps that depend on the rate of heating.
It's been months since I've been obsessed with anyone.
What are you going to do? Release the dogs? or the Bees? Or the dogs with bees in their mouths and when they bark they shoot bees at you?
No expectoraters!
Been there, burnt that
Help me, Obi-wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Feeling the sweet buzz of impossible moments
ASTHMA and ISTHMI (alternate plural of isthmus) are perhaps the only six-letter words that begin and end with a vowel and have no other vowels between [Mark D. Lew].
When companies ship styrofoam, what do they pack it in? 
AEGILOPS (alternate spelling of egilops, an ulcer in a part of the eye) is apparently the longest word in W2 which consists of letters in alphabetical order. This word is not in W3. CHILLLOSS (the opposite of a heatloss) has its letters in alphabetical order, although this word may not be in any dictionary [Word Ways]. The title of the film EFIK MOVY was written abcdEFghIjKlMnOpqrstuVwxYz to show the alphabetical-order property. BEEFILY and BILLOWY are the longest such words in OSPD2+.
Take pride in those who defy, exceeded or trifle with conventional expectations.
inheritance must be abolished
Happy Go Lucky!
Some words consisting only of short letters are overnumerousnesses (18 letters; Rex Gooch, Word Ways, August 1999), overnervousnesses (17 letters; Rex Gooch, Word Ways, August 1999), curvaceousnesses (16 letters; Chris Cole in the Rec.Puzzle Archives), erroneousnesses, nonconcurrences, and verrucosenesses (all 15 letters).
with all the holes in you already there's no reason to define the outside environment as alien
And they whirled and they twirled and they tangoed
Do not ingest the moments you find scattered around the playa. You don't know where they've been.
e ^ (pi * i) = -1
We are the people our parents warned us about when we were little.
I am not without scars on my brain and my body, but I can live with them. I still feel a shudder in my spine every time I see a Vincent Black Shadow, or when I walk into a public restroom and hear crippled men whispering about the terrifying Kawasaki Triple.... I have visions of compound femur fractures and large black men in white hospital suits holding me down on a gurney while a nurse called "Bess" sews the flaps of my scalp together with a stitching drill. Ho, ho. Thank God for these flashbacks. The brain is such a wonderful instrument (until God sinks his teeth into it). Some people hear Tiny Tim singing when they go under, and others hear the song of the Sausage Creature. 
The ultimate weakness of violence is that it is a descending spiral, begetting the very thing it seeks to destroy. Instead of diminishing evil, it multiplies it. Through violence you may murder the liar, but you cannot murder the lie, nor establish the truth. Through violence you may murder the hater, but you do not murder hate. In fact, violence merely increases hate. So it goes. Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
Where do forest rangers go to "get away from it all"? 
<Object> shutting down your computer is like putting your dog in a cage <Object> you just don't do that
(with 100 mg) MDMA intrigued me because everyone I asked, who had used it, answered the question, 'What's it like?' in the same way: 'I don't know.' 'What happened?' 'Nothing.' And now I understand those answers. I too think nothing happened. But something seemed changed. Before the 'window' opened completely, I had some somatic effects, a tingling sensation in the fingers and temples--a pleasant sensation, not distracting. However, just after that there was a slight nausea and dizziness similar to a little too much alcohol. All these details disappeared as I walked outside. My mood was light, happy, but with an underlying conviction that something significant was about to happen. There was a change in perspective both in the near visual field and in the distance. My usually poor vision was sharpened. I saw details in the distance that I could not normally see. After the peak experience had passed, my major state was one of deep relaxation. I felt that I could talk about deep or personal subjects with special clarity, and I experienced some of the feeling one has after the second martini, that one is discoursing brilliantly and with particularly acute analytical powers. 
the future is stupid
Lyle Menendez is a claim jumper
use a stun gun when the person coming at you has a good excuse
Bill Stickers is Innocent
what urge will save us now that sex won't?
men like pastries, women like custards
That's it! I'm getting out of this town alive if it kills me!
Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food? 
Look!Listen!Kneel!Pray!
like, it's sushi, don'tcha know?
You can be fined for PEEING on the Playa, but PUKING is still free.
For a GOOD TIME call 867-5309
light my fire
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law / Love is the law; Love under will -Uncle Al
never sacrifice the beauty of today for the possibility of tomorrow.
Remember the Bill of Rights
Open your mouth and close your eyes and I'll give you a big surprise.
We really shook the pillars of heaven, didn't we, Wang?
it's not good to live on credit
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success? 
you are trapped on the earth so you will explode
Playa Fucks!  Go get one!
One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going to take my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to an old burned-out warehouse. "Oh, no," I said, "Disneyland burned down." He cried and cried, but I think that deep down he thought it was a pretty good joke. I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty late. 
************ BRIDGET HOOK IS A LOVELY WOMAN!! ***************
The Church of WOW requests your participation in an everlasting orgy of breathless wonder, wide-eyed bliss, and uncontrollable laughter. Love somebody, sing out loud, rock this divine world with your luscious Self!
Invader Zim will have his meaty revenge.
 I went into a McDonald's yesterday and said, "I'd like some fries." The girl at the counter said, "Would you like some fries with that?"
<andy> moo spelled backwards is moo <andy> no wait
water..,alcohal..,balloons..,
TLXYTLLLTTTLLTTLTLLTLTLTLTLTLTTTTTTTTTLLLLLLLLLLTTTLLTLTLTLTLTLTLTTTTTTLLLLLTTTLLTTLLTTLLTLTLTLTLTLTLTLLTTLLTTLLLTTTLLLTTTLLLLTTTTLLLLTTTTLLLLLTTTTTLLLLLTTTTTLLLLLLTTTTTTLLLLLLTTTTTTLLLLLLLTTTTTTTLLLLLLLTTTTTTTLLLLLLLLTTTTTTTTLLLLLLLLTTTTTTTTLLLLLLLL
If you give a man a fire, you keep him warm for a night.  If you set a man on fire, you keep him warm for the rest of his life.
"Nothing is true. All is permitted."
opacity is an irresistible challenge
The Flaming Cunts have "Love Accessories"
He who laughs last thinks slowest 
elaboration is a form of pollution
what a shock when they tell you that it won't hurt and you almost turn inside out when they begin 
Kiss me on Wednesday.
Lighten up Francis
Could it be fashionable to wear a diaper? I think yes.
<elitemrp>: afk, working on my invention <nerdb5>: invention.....uhm, whats it do? <elitemrp>: converts piss into drinking water <elitemrp>: so far, still tastes yucky
there's no sense being anywhere but the top of the heap
Homer: Hey, who are you? Ghost: The ghost of Caesar Chavez. Homer: Why do you look like Cesar Romero? Ghost: Cause you don't know what Caesar Chavez looks like.
OK. So I really want to fuck you. But I also like you. A lot.
Nothing is permanent. The past only appears to be prologue. Hope remains.
Life is sexually transmitted.
Had coffee with Melnick today. He talked to me about his idea of having all government officials dress like hens.
My Arm! said Captain Hook, offhandedly.
The symptoms of future collapse were definitely to be perceived in those earlier days, although very few made any attempt to draw a practical lesson from their significance. But this is now a greater necessity than it ever was before. For just as bodily ailments can be cured only when their origin has been diagnosed, so also political disease can be treated only when it has been diagnosed
I dare you to kiss the person your with full on the mouth!
If I'm not mistaking, weren't you heterosexual last year?
Nu nu, noomy noomy snoo snee num num.
It's all fun and games untill someone puts an eye out.
Rex Gooch also gives as words with only "up" letters, tittifill (OED), tikitiki (W2), and libidibi (W2). Other words consisting only of "up" letters are dikdik, titbit, and tidbit.
Do they have bigger bottles than the biggest one?
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. - Benjamin Franklin
Jay? Is that you?
to disagree presupposes moral integrity
OVERCONSUMPTION IS A FORM OF ASCETICISM  
It Takes an UnVillage to Raise a Freak
The desert is a lonely place, especially at night.
Remember when you were young, you shone like the sun
good night, John Boy
it's easy to get millions of people on every continent to pledge allegiance to eating and equal opportunity
(with 100 mg of the "S" isomer) I feel the onset is slower than with the racemate. Physically, I am excited, and my pulse and blood pressure are quite elevated. This does not have the 'fire' of the racemate, nor the rush of the development in getting to the plateau. 
Don't make me pull this car over and come back there.
talking is used to hide one's inability to act
 Never moon a werewolf.
Gloria Donen Sosin says she has found 16 spellings for HANUKKAH (in alphabetical order): Channuka, Channukah, Chanuka, Chanukah, Chanuko, Hannuka, Hannukah, Hanuka, Hanukah, Hanukkah, Kanukkah, Khannuka, Khannukah, Khanuka, Khanukah, and Khanukkah. (Her list may include transliterations from Hebrew to English.) James A. Landau has found Chanuccah in an 1872 prayer book.
make the world a wetter place lick everyone you meet once on the neck
one hears the chant...,,,IN DA BUTT...,,
<grenmar> do you realize that terrorists all around the world can find  out the weather...*ANYWHERE* ????. <grenmar> we're doomed.
this statement is false
the future lasts a very long time
Th editorial stylist who received the first typed version should have marked "or" to be set in italics to indicate that the letters were abbreviations (D or d). But instead, she drew a continuous wavy line underneath to signify that "D or d" should be set in boldface in the manner of an entry word, and a label was added, "Physics & Chem." Since entry words were to be typed with a space between letters, the editorial stylist may have inferred that the typist had intended to write d o r d; the mysterious "cont" was ignored. These errors should have been caught when the word was retyped on a different color slip for the printer, but they were not. The stylist who received this version crossed out the "cont" and added the part-of-speech label n for noun.
knowing yourself lets you understand others
There's a fine line between 'love' and 'abuse'...
lick my ass-----suck my balls...........
Yes! You are!
"Holy Snappin' Assholes, Batman"
Only God can make a tree. It takes a dog to piss on it.
Sex is like air. It's not important unless you aren't getting any.
outer space is where you discover wonder and where you fight and never hurt earth if you stop believing this your mood turns ugly
Ha! A fucking white kid joined the Taliban! What the fuck is that? He must have listened to a lot of Marilyn Manson!
COINCIDENCE happens.
That's it baby! When you got it, flaunt it! Flaunt it!
"I like to watch TV." --Chance the Gardener (aka Chauncy Gardner)
Don't push the river
Kids love Satan.
SELECTED EXAMPLES OF ICE MELT AROUND THE WORLD-------1.  Arctic Sea Ice/Arctic Ocean//Has shrunk  by 6 percent since 1978, with a 14 percent loss of thicker, year-round ice.  Has thinned by 40 percent in less than 30  years.  2.  Columbia Glacier/Alaska, United States//Has retreated nearly 13 kilometers since 1982.  In 1999, retreat rate increased from 25 meters per day to 35 meters per day.  You have no one to blame but yourselves and you know it.  What kind of future are you expecting?  You expecting to walk away, hands clean, white gloves?  You expecting the trouble to cease?  How will you sleep?  When things turn nasty how will you explain yourself?  What will you say to your children?  --Radiohead
It you don't stop crying I'll give you something to cry about.
Don't Lie to Kids
Just say "know why"
Love yourself
Stop genetic manipulation
If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror, because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic. 
it's impossible to reconcile your heart and head
Tolerance is noticing and embracing the sameness of us all, hate is insecurity rising from the fear of bing different
If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let'em go, because, man, they're gone. 
the desire to reproduce is a death wish
Stop Bush
At any early age my mother sat me down and explained that everyone has bowel movements.
I need to learn how to spell "difference."
I can't move..., I got holy
No trash in portapotties
torture is barbaric
Please line up in front of the auditorium and wait for the bus.
What a fast year 1977 was. I wonder if '78 will go by as quickly. If I were to judge by the way today went, I would say no! I just sat around & answered pen pal letters. Made a new mustache for my Daryl doll. The old one fell off when I babysat at Bob's the other night! This one is much better than the others! Looks more like the real one. Well, how has my most revealing diary been so far?
In every dream home, a heartache
Laughter is sugar for the soul
it is embarrassing to be caught and killed for stupid reasons
it's better to be lonely than to be with inferior people
pop tarts are not food pop tarts are not food pop tarts are not food
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
If you could say one thing to God right now, what would it be? I'd say, "God I regret to inform You that U.S. policy now dictates we bomb the fuck out of You up in Heaven."
categorizing fear is calming
Psychiatrists say that 1 of 4 people are mentally ill. Check three friends. If they're OK, you're it.
Nothing says success like excess.
Beachten Sie die Wueste.
Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked? 
You: blonde, brazilian, hanging out w/your friend, vivian. You were down from Napa, where you help run a family owned business. Me: dark hair/brown eyes, black sweater, olive skin, clean cut. We talked briefly at the bar about brazil, the rowdy English guys next to us, and good B&B's in Napa. You had to leave briefly to say good bye to a friend and we didn't get a chance to continue our conversation. interested in meeting again next time you're in the city? tchau 
No one is listening until you fart.
being honest is not always the kindest way
old friends are better left in the past
people will remember you better if you always wear the same outfit
in my yellow jersey, I went out on the nic, South Street Rumford Shopping Arcade, got a little magazine, I didn't pay, inside my jacket and away double quick.
decadence can be an end it itself
it is heroic to try to stop time
The most profound relationship we will ever have is the one with ourselves.  -- Shirley Maclaine
Brother, you are a goat. Rose yourself from this pastoral torpor.
DED /D-E-D/ n. Dark-Emitting Diode. Compare SED (Smoke-emitting diode), LER (light-emitting resistor), write-only memory. In the early 1970s both Signetics and Texas instruments released DED spec sheets; suggested uses included "power-off indicator."
All We Leave Is Energy
i had to bite my cheek to keep from pointing out that his woman was last seen rolling southbound on ocean street in a wheelchair with her transsexual lesbian lover.
If it doesn't say PURINA, bury it in the yard!
OKHC
Do hungry crows have ravenous appetites? 
A cynic is an optimist who has lost hope. -Katydid
Whenever you fall, pick something up. -- Oswald Avery
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi? 
selfishness is the most basic motivation
"Speak from the Heart, Not from the Tongue" - Franti
azuera
Uh huh huh... uhhh... That chick's, like, naked...
This is only a test. If this had been a real life you would have been told where to go and what to do.
Anytime you think I'm being too rough, anytime you think I'm being too tough, anytime you miss-your-mommy, QUIT! You sign your 1248, you get your gear, and you take a stroll down washout lane. Do you get me?
description is more valuable than metaphor
you live the surprise results of old plans
I wish I was a June Apple, Hanging on that tree Every time my true love passed, She'd take a little bite out of me 
ok, now the quoting, whirled is a chat board
If you're not having fun, you're doing it wrong.  (Swami Ty)
This machine kills fascists
Heal the Sick. Mend the Injured. Comfort the Dying. - Fatboy's Creed
You would touch the naked body of your dreams...
I saw the Constellations / reveal themselves / one star at a time... (The Tragically Hip)
gang-bang scenario, it just couldn't happen. Smurfs are asexual. They don't even have reproductive organs under those little white pants. That's what's so illogical, you know, about being a Smurf. What's the point of living if you don't have a dick?
can i borrow your underpants for ten minutes?
Is that your camp on fire?
You Good!
Ry ruv roo!
There comes a day when you have to choose. Either you sacrifice your face for your ass or your ass for your face. - Barbara Welles
Send roses, she won't like tea.
He's this dork.
So long and thanks for all the fish
Much suspected by me, / Nothing proved can be, / Quoth Elizabeth prisoner.
If God took acid, would he see man?
@k=unpack('C*',pack('H*',shift));for(@t=@s=0..255){$y=($k[$_%@k]+$s[$x=$_]+$y)%256;&S}$x=$y=0;for(unpack('C*',<>)){$x++;$y=($s[$x%=256]+$y)%256;&S;print pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{@s[$x,$y]=@s[$y,$x]}
Love is the word.      Eric Newborn
Champagne wishes & caviar dreams...
UnAmerican Godless TreeHugger 
Mr. Jenkins, is that gum in your mouth? Please deposit it in this wastebasket.
violence on television only affects children whose parents act like television personalities  
All power to the imagination!
stand in your pelvis
A slave who dies of natural causes will not balance two dead flies on the scale of eternity. --Eldridge Cleaver
As your attorney I advise you to take the brown mescaline.
HEY YOU...YES YOU...HELP ME, I'M STUCK IN THIS REALITY!!!
Good friendships aren't born, they're grown one memory at a time.
So I said "Of course this is safe."  - Hospital Conversation Overheard...
Be cruel.
I'd call to see how you are doing... but you embarassed me.
<<BLEEP>> Censorship
I've got playa dust in my car that's older than your underwear.
Mr. Softee will turn into Mr. Stiffy in no time.
people are nuts if they think they are important
presentation is as important as content
Forget about World Peace.....Visualize Using Your Turn Signal !  
How are you really stretching yourself this year?
The Sleeper WILL Awaken!
Life is far too important to take seriously.
It was then that Caroline remembered her kitchen back in Montana, with a stove that she might or might not have turned off, and so with a heavy sigh, she put down the penguin.
I want to freak in the morning, freak in the evening, just like me.
 I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
Message or massage?
I was looking back to see if you were looking back at me to see me looking back at you to see if you were looking back at me to see me looking back at you to see if you were looking back at me to see me looking back at you
That's what happens
I love you Michael Prete.
CIMICIC is a long word which consists only of letters which make up Roman numerals. In Latin, there is LIXIVII (the genitive of LIXIVIUM). A list of words of four or more letters consisting only of letters used in Roman numerals follows: CIMICIC (a yellow oil), CIMICID (an insect), CIVIC, CIVIL, CIXIID (one of the Cixiidae, a family of insects of order Homoptera), DILL, DILLI (a bag or basket also called dilly bag), IDIC (pertaining to or consisting of ids), ILICIC, IMID (variant spelling of imide), IMIDIC (related to an imide), IMMI (unit of measure formerly used in Switzerland = 1.5 l), IMMIX, IXIL (Mayan tribe in central Guatemala), LILL, LIVID, MIDI, MILD, MILL, MIMI (heroine of the opera La Boheme), CLIM (dial. past of climb; in W3), MIMIC, VILI (a brother of Odin in Norse mythology), VILL, VILLI (plural of villus), VIVID. MIX is the only English word that is also a valid number in Roman numerals [Pierre Abbat, Bruce D. Wilner, Dan Tilque, Rudy Wang, Rick Shepherd].
I'm thinking of asking the servants to wax my change before placing it in the Chinese tank I keep on my dresser. It's important to have clean money--not new, but well maintained. That's one of the tenets of my church. It's not mine personally, but the one I attend with my family: the Cathedral of the Sparkling Nature. It's that immense Gothic building with the towers and bells and statues of common people poised to leap from the spires. They offer tours and there's an open house the first Sunday of every October. You should come! Just don't bring your camera, because the flash tends to spook the horses, which is a terrible threat to me and my parents, seeing as the reverend insists that we occupy the first pew. He rang us up not long ago, tipsy--he's a tippler--saying that our faces brought him closer to God. And it's true, we're terribly good-looking people. They're using my mother's profile on the new monorail token, and as for my father and me, the people at NASA want to design a lunar module based on the shape of our skulls. Our cheekbones are aeronautic and the clefts of our chins can hold up to three dozen BBs at a time. When asked, most people say that my greatest asset is my skin, which glows--it really does! I have to tie a sock over my eyes in order to fall asleep at night. Others like my eyes or my perfect, gleaming teeth, my thick head of hair or my imposing stature, but if you want my opinion, I think my most outstanding feature is my ability to accept a compliment.
someone else's body is a place for your mind to go
fake or real indifference is a powerful personal weapon
The lights are growing dim Otto. I know a life of crime has led me to this sorry fate, and yet, I blame society. Society made me what I am.
Anyway, "long story short" is a phrase whose origins are complicated and rambling.
What was that?! It's a mouse! ...cooking on her little stove
Be patient, but don'.  The real thing is happening now, here.
starvation is nature's way
My hen laid a haddock on top of a tree / Glad fat a centurion threw dogs in the sea / A guru with Elvis got gargling too hard / Don's ruddy bog's blocked up with sand. / / Glad, glad, Playdoh with I'm glad / The more I'm here, I fear to buy coffee / Or butter, or henna, bye-bye!
Doorways of Reality Adam Cohen Walking a path, you find yourself confronted with questions... what is right and what is wrong? what is real and what is not? Continue down the path of examination and you are challenged by your own streagnths and weaknesses, by the walls of reality you have built around yourself. These walls are mere perception. As you progress down the path you have chosen you ask questions of yourself and are changed. You come to a door. Awaiting on the other side is a new reality. Do you open the door and look? Do you pass through? DO YOU DARE TO TRANSFORM? Imagine what you can become.... 
Oh, look! She got her boobies.
Hemholtz resides on a country estate in Lausanne, Switzerland, with his manservant, Hrolf, and his Great Dane, Hrolf. He spends most of his time writing, and is currently revising his autobiography to include himself.
I find your ideas very interesting and would like to subscribe to your newsletter.
Could someone please tell me what that is?
It's a simple equasion folks... Hookers x lonelyness / organ grinders = Monkey hearts. New monkey heart + hooker = Hooker Monkeys!
i'm not bad, i'm just drawn that way.
U 8 1 I 8 1 2
any surplus is immoral
ducatiwings: i just cant decide which i like better, the boring side or the frosted side??
Once upon a day, an hour, a second, there existed upon a plane, a line, a pinprick, the ability to see the world. And then you blinked.
dying should be easy as falling off a log
Remember those people you laughed at on the way here? Isn't that as bad as their proclivity to listen to country music and spit?
exceptional people deserve special concessions
The sun came up on a bright April day. Hattie, the ladybug, was writing a poem. Hattie lived in a red rose bush. Her family had come to live here a couple of years before. The entire Ladybug clan that was Hattie's parents, aunts, uncles, and cousins had been living in a burlap sack in the local nursery.
I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him real quick and hand it to him. 
Mom used to warm my socks up in the oven on cold mornings.
out of which you                               and I and all other things are compounded, have no reason or explanation." 
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves - Did gyre and gimble in the wabe; All mimsy were the borogoves, And the mome raths outgrabe.
(According to Dan Tilque, the transposal definitions and results are from from Word Recreations by A. Ross Eckler, although the results were discovered mostly by members of the National Puzzler's League, without the aid of computers.)
practice beautiful randomness and act kinda senseless
Positive Energy Activates Constant Elevation
I want to be, what you want me to be, I want to live, your life, I could take it all, throw it all away, love, peace, hate, anger, indescriminately, I want peace, I want love, I love hate, I hate war, I WILL BE
Hail Eris! All hail Discordia!
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
 You have to stay in shape. My grandmother, she started walking five miles a day when she was 60. She's 97 today and we don't know where the hell she is.
We are It, watching It, being IT....
the unattainable invariably is attractive
Do you know what it is to be in love? Simple question, stupid too. But do you? It's like having sunshine in your eyes and loving it, it's like watching the flower open in your own room, it's like having wind blow in your face and you yelling on top of your lungs and not caring about life, death, endings and distruction, it's like blasting out Social Distrotion and driving in the mountains, it's like having your Pina Colada in Hawaii. It feels like this for me. I walk the streets and people are smiling at me for no reason, I talk to people and can't help smiling. I love it, it's my life and I love it. There is going to be sorrow and heartache and disappointments and grey hair and a pile of photographs but right now there's me, Golden Gate, Haight Street, fog and this whole world that's open. Love it and let it in and breathe it because it's so worth it... 
How can I be the man... when YOU be the man!?!?  - - - Lobster
Sometimes I wonder if suicide bombing is literally the freakiest human act possible. Seriously, what could a human do to themselves that would be more bizarre and scary? Somehow fuck their own brain or something?
If an orange is orange, why isn't a lime called a green or a lemon called a yellow? 
you fish on your side of the lagoon, I'll fish on the other, and no one will fish in the middle.
Logic is an carpet laid over an abyss
We are made to persist. That is how we find out who we are.
Feed the hungry bee.
Oh! None but cowards send down their brain-trucks in tempest time! - Melville
There's no money in poetry, but there's no poetry in money -- Robert Graves
Lets go to th starlite drive in...;-)...
WHY ASK WHY?
Be patient, but don't wait.  The real thing is happening here, now.
We are born naked, wet, and hungry, and get slapped on our ass ... then things get worse .
SLIPPING INTO MADNESS IS GOOD FOR THE SAKE OF COMPARISON
They stretch their broad plumes and float upon the wind. --Pope.
 I would love to speak a foreign language but I can't. So I grew hair under my arms instead.
Live clean, think clean....play clean pinball.
Don'
(with 100 mg) Beforehand, I was aware of a dull, uncaring tiredness that might have reflected too little sleep, and I took a modest level of MDMA to see if it might serve me as a stimulant. I napped for a half hour or so, and woke up definitely not improved. The feeling of insufficient energy and lack of spark that I'd felt before had become something quite strong, and might be characterized as a firm feeling of negativity about everything that had to be done and everything I had been looking forward to. So I set about my several tasks with no pleasure or enjoyment and I hummed a little tune to myself during these activities which had words that went: 'I shouldn't have done that, oh yes, I shouldn't have done that, oh no, I shouldn't have done that; it was a mistake.' Then I would start over again from the beginning. I was stuck in a gray space for quite a while, and there was nothing to do but keep doing what I had to do. After about 6 hours, I could see the whole mental state disintegrating and my pleasant feelings were coming back. But so was my plain, ornery tiredness. MDMA does not work like Dexedrine. 
Your chocolate's in my peanut butter.
Come to think of it... I haven't been to any pub in Mitcham for yonks!
If the shoe fits, try the other one on first before buying them.
Go To Statement Considered Harmful
BOOYAH
"Catsup is a condiment; Reagan is a vegetable" - Ironic.......
New game!!! find the spy!
sometimes things seem to happen of their own accord
sound is worth money
decency is a relative thing
Man wanted to work in dynamite factory. Must be willing to travel. 
Change is inevitable. Except from a vending machine. 
testing
i want to be back in bed with you
Everyone has a big "but," Simone. Tell me about your big "but."
Even though the viewer is moving through a documentary film in this work, it's relatively perfect, gleaming teeth.
LOVE YOURSELF BE YOURSELF %%%%^^^^****%%%%****^^^^%%%%****^^^^$$$$%%%%^^^&&&&*****(((())))___++++++
Fond of you and fondue, too.
**Y*O*U**A*R*E**B*L*I*N*D*I*N*G****Y*O*U**A*R*E**B*L*I*N*D*I*N*G****Y*O*U**A*R*E**B*L*I*N*D*I*N*G****Y*O*U**A*R*E**B*L*I*N*D*I*N*G****Y*O*U**A*R*E**B*L*I*N*D*I*N*G****Y*O*U**A*R*E**B*L*I*N*D*I*N*G****Y*O*U**A*R*E**B*L*I*N*D*I*N*G**
The mind of a true man is like a mirror which reflects whatever is before it and when the thing is gone, it returns to nothingness.
An open sore is just an invitation to aliens who want to steal your valuable bodily fluids
(really small letters) "nosey little fucker aren't ya"
License my roaving hands, and let them go, Before, behind, between, above, below.  O my America! my new-found-land, My kingdome, safliest when with one man man'd.
Six-letter words with their letters in alphabetical order include: ABBESS, ABHORS, ACCENT, ACCEPT, ACCESS, ACCOST, ADDERS, AFFLUX, ALMOST, BEGINS, BELLOW, BIJOUX, BIOPSY, CHILLY, CHIMPS, CHINTZ, CHIPPY, CHITTY, CHIVVY, CHOOSY, CHOPPY, EFFLUX, EFFORT, FLOORS, FLOPPY, FLOSSY, GHOSTY, GLOSSY, and KNOTTY [Philip Bennett, Bruce D. Wilner, Mike Turniansky, Denis Borris, Stuart Kidd].
the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom...w.blake
(really small letters) You came all the way out here to read THIS?
good deeds eventually are rewarded
Jane, you freakin' rock!
The Greek word for alphabet, stoicheia,  also carries the meaning elements with all the cosmological associations of that term.
Give me a taste of something new, to touch, to hold, to pull me through
Never allow your schooling to interfere with your education.
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
pain goes away, chicks dig scars anyway and GLORY last forever.
animals like earthquakes, tornadoes and volcanic activity
<+kritical> christin: you need to learn how to figure out stuff yourself.. <+Christin1> how do i do that
Awaken to the beauty of your journey.
Please disperse and return to your place of residence. You will be arrested. Please disperse and return to your place of residence. You are violating curfew. You will be arrested.
Help, Underdog!
Hooray for Captain Spaulding, the African explorer.
Come ye yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while.  Mr 6:31
I find your lack of faith disturbing.....  -- Darth Vader
saaki!
Listen reallllly hard... is that your cell phone?
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM YA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No left turn unstoned
I can't remember why we're doing this magic
touch the puppet-head.
if you have many desires life will be interesting
"If you can read this, I peed right where your standing"
there's no such thing as a free lunch, or a free bagel.
remember you always have freedom of choice
What's another word for synonym? 
Hundiddydiddy! Shindalla!
Don't wake the tadpoles!!
Water water every where And all the boards did shrink Water water every where Nor any drop to drink. The very deep did rot; O Christ! That ever this should be! Yea, slimy things did crawl with legs Upon the slimy sea. About,about, in reel and rout, The death fires danced at night;The water, like a witch's oils, Burnt green and blue and white,-- Samuel Taylor Coleridge- The Ancient Mariner
Twinkie Henge Dennis Hinkamp Twinkie Henge and related snack food art -- a Cafe tradition for over a 50th of a century
Do you like movies about gladiators?
If your friend jumped off a cliff would you do that too? - Mom
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as if everything is."
Think back to that day in seventh grade. Remember what you thought what was important then? Seems silly doesn't it? Well in 20 years the things that stress you out today will seem incredibly silly as well.
To burn always with this hard, gemlike flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.   -- Walter Pater
Thou art God
<cola> if gi joe taught me anything it's that terroists can control the weather.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Respect the Poopacabra!!
I Brake For No Apparent Reason. 
Used Cars: Why go elsewhere to be cheated. Come here first. 
we are dust, we need dust, BREATHE  DEEP
Dedicated with love to friends across the world who could not be here with us this year, especially Brett and JC, and Summer and Shawn...
Hans has turned out to be just another a scheiserkopf.
Do you feel alot more like you do now than you did before?
Tha' LASERS!!!!!!!
Always Happy, Never Sad, Sometimes Naughty, Never Bad    <ad>
The longest "well-mixed" transposals (no more than three consecutive letters in common) are BASIPARACHROMATIN/MARSIPOBRANCHIATA (17 letters) and THERMONASTICALLY/HEMATOCRYSTALLIN (16 letters) [Dan Tilque].
In Black Rock City nobody says somebody gotta be somebody.
Sound of Wind Driven Bells Tom Wiltzius Sound of Wind Driven Bells by Tom Wiltzius This installation will integrate manmade bells with the winds of the playa, providing an opportunity for all to play along with Mother Nature. The project will consist of a moderately tall (9 ft) timber structure with a wind turbine mounted on top of that. The turbine will drive a vertical shaft that will engage the bells hanging below on the structure. By adjusting the sequence and strength that the arms strike the bells, different sounds, progressions and tones can be created.
Mutaytion... Because evolution takes too long.
<refugee> man <refugee> you cant cancel an AOL subscription online <dwai> try to do it over the phone <refugee> and they want your screenname when you cancel <refugee> so I gotta be like "yeah, my screenname is SIZZLINGCROTCH"
running, dressed like a robber, stole my heart: I saw you running in the upper Haight, blonde dressed in sweatshirt and knit cap, like you were going to rob a liquor store. You sure stole my heart. Later I saw you walk out of the video store. I wanted to say something, but was too shy. I would give anything to look into your dark green/brown eyes again.
'interpolated cubic bezier plot in polyface dxf - helixed (just rotated around x between calculations of t) WooHoo!
The Quote thing, whirled.  The Quoting world.
Pretty much the porpoises and seagulls and sharks ate the rest of them, right?
welcome to Hell parson
Never kiss a chewing mouth.
everywhere i go, i take a little piece of you...
You have built for yourselves psychic suits of armor, and clad in them, your vision is restricted, your movements are clumsy and painful, your skin is bruised, and your spirit is broiled in the sun.
learn things from the ground up
Duck!
some stones are better left unturned
After eating, do amphibians have to wait one hour before getting out of the water? 
What could have driven Trish Moody to do such a thing?
Three blustering nights, borne by the southern blast, I floated. --Dryden.
Citizens of Earth Teresa Gibson United we stand, divided we fall - GLOBALLY! We can no longer afford to think in terms of separate nations; our world has grown too small for that. .Citizens of Earth.; is a sculpture that illustrates how we are all one interconnected community. If one of us is oppressed than none of us are free. Divided countries divide the human family. It is time to erase the lines carved into our natural earth that have become etched into our hearts. It is time to end the barriers and boundaries that cause You and Me to think in terms of Us and Them. It is time to evolve to a higher awareness: the unification of all humans of the Earth. Look beyond your affiliation as a citizen of a country and join the GLOBAL CITIZENRY. We create our reality. Let's create global peace. 
spitwizard: i'm gonna get drunk tonight. just thought you'd want to dress accordingly in case you see me.
Cute Blonde in Beat-up Mazda in Oakland I'm in love with you. I try to get in line with you at the toll plaza. Never seem able. I'll pay your 2 bucks anyday just for a chat and coffee... 
knowledge should be advanced at all costs
Hit me with your rhythm stick!
Windows 98 is four or five years old.
Not even one finger???
Music Industry Vexed by Illegal Copying
Lessons learned on the playground are more important than those learned in the classroom
Die Before You Die
Chico don't be discouraged!
it takes a while before you can step over inert bodies and go ahead with what you were wanting to do
The best way to a man's heart is to saw his breast plate open. 
random mating is good for debunking sex myths
You can't run from trouble, because there is no place that far. Brer Rabbit
good luck in new york Loren!
the breakdown comes when you stop controlling yourself and want the release of a bloodbath
Only connect. - E.M. Forrester
???
yello
Is this a question? I suggest Mr Nuts keeps on truckin'
where's my little motorcycle baddass?
Opps type-o
...the water-filled spacesuits of our skins...
It don't mean a thing if it ain't got that swing
I hope that after I die, people will say of me: "That guy sure owed me a lot of money." 
Thank you Larry.
Suspended Sentences Suspended Sentences Suspended Sentences Suspended Sentences Suspended Sentences 
There is no dark side of the moon...actually it's all dark.
Who the hell would use auth AND HTTPS?
Help Me!  I've tripped and I can't get down....
Liberals are scum.
The things you own, end up owning YOU
You are NOT the money in your wallet
pee clear
people who go crazy are too sensitive
You know, it's cheaper to go to Disneyland
Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis. Lighten up, Francis
A footnote indicates the excerpt above was based on Philip Gove, "The History of Dord," American Speech, 29 (1954): 136-8.
To walk alone.... would be lonely indeed.
Why are builders afraid to have a 13th floor but book publishers aren't afraid to have a Chapter 11? 
The Revolution will not be televised.  The Television will not be revolutionized
tonight, the appearence of absence
you are that which you are seeking
When you come to the edge of all the light you know, and are about to step off into the darkness of the unknown, faith is knowing that one of two things will happen: there will be something solid to stand on, or you will be taught to fly.
Saw you last night at Campbell Safeway - You in White Jeep Grand Cherokee - Me walking towards entrance to the store. My head was in a fog after a long day at work but noticed a long look a little too late. Thought you were very handsome - Thanks for making my day!
righty tighty, loosey goosey
it is in your self-interest to find a way to be very tender
Whirled Peas, My Ass!
The 2 most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
How are you gentlemen !! All your base are belong to us. You are on the way to destruction. You have no chance to survive make your time. HA HA HA HA ....
Abolish Government
Enjoy the conceptual framework, but don't forget to get out of the box.
Hard work has a future payoff.  Laziness pays off now.
<[ric]> fucking dicks <[ric]> we have a huge flat screen LCD display in out presentation room <[ric]> it's worth about 10,000 <[ric]> and now it has "It is safe to switch off your computer" burn into the screen <roded> hehe <nakkew> LOL <Object> hehe <nakkew> thank god it wasnt a pr0n site burnt into the screen <nakkew> wouldnt look good for customers
A 15-letter well-mixed transposal is MEGACHIROPTERAN/CINEMATOGRAPHER [Charles Turner].
money creates taste
No, it's not just naked hippies dancing in the desert.  And it's not just frat boys with video cameras hoping to see titties.  It's art--participative art--with the artists holding your hand and inviting you to be artists, too.  Be an artist!  Burn.
If women wear a pair of pants, a pair of glasses, and a pair of earrings, why don't they wear a pair of bras? 
Thus spake Doug.
Calvin, we will not have an anatomically correct snowman!
There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.
Who said anything about talking?
If you don't like the rules, create a different game.
organize them
Ay, madam it is common.
I'm glad God is my judge, and not you; you should be glad God is your judge and not me.
Life is simple. If you want something, you'll get it. Failure is proof that desire is not strong enough.
Printer Status: NOT READY 
paleolactophobia
from each according to ability, to each according to need.
lack of charisma can be fatal
Trust what your heart already knows.
you are guileless in your dreams
There is no present, only the immediate future and recent past.
On reflection, Angela perceived that her relationship with Tom had always been rocky, not quite a roller-coaster ride but more like when the toilet-paper roll gets a little squashed so it hangs crooked and every time you pull some off you can hear the rest going bumpity-bumpity in its holder until you go nuts and push it back into shape, a degree of annoyance that Angela had now almost attained.
Once you clear the cobwebs away, there's no stopping me.
Don't let your past dictate who you are - let be a part of who you will become.
# fill-beer: "true"
if I have fulfilled myself am I not prophetic ?
Wild night. Queer, tho.
Never doubt your Messianic Complex
masturbate! and then, do it again!
The most telling thing about anyone is what they fear
The difference between being in a relationship and being in prison is that in prisons they let you play softball on the weekends.
s''$/=2048;while(<>){G=29;R=142;if((@a=unqT="C*",_)[20]&48){D=89;_=unqb24,qT,@b=map{ord qB8,unqb8,qT,_^$a[--D]}@INC;s/...$/1$&/;Q=unqV,qb25,_;H=73;O=$b[4]<<9|256|$b[3];Q=Q>>8^(P=(E=255)&(Q>>12^Q>>4^Q/8^Q))<<17,O=O>>8^(E&(F=(S=O>>14&7^O)^S*8^S<<6))<<9,_=(map{U=_%16orE^=R^=110&(S=(unqT,"xbntdxbzx14d")[_/16%8]);E^=(72,@z=(64,72,G^=12*(U-2?0:S&17)),H^=_%64?12:0,@z)[_%8]}(16..271))[_]^((D>>=8)+=P+(~F&E))for@a[128..$#a]}print+qT,@a}';s/[D-HO-U_]/$$&/g;s/q/pack+/g;eval
you are so complex that you don't always respond to danger
Let's ponder the universe and our existence while high on mushrooms,sitting insude a mist tent, surrounded by desert and mountains.. can you imagine it?
The only difference between me and a madman is that I am not mad. -- Salvador Dali
now, always
Hallo GODDESS hope youve got your cell charched so i can phone you from Home....E.
Be realistic -- demand the impossible!
slipping into madness is good for the sake of comparison
what is the real potential of burning man?
Trailer Insurance, Cheap! Get your trailer insurance here!
Righty tighty - lefty loosey.
Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children. 
noise can be hostile
I don't understand, where are all the naked people?
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it. 
hide under water or anywhere so undisturbed you feel the jerk of pleasure when an idea comes
This is only a test
Brennender Mann ist verrckt.
Just Keep on Keeping on
Save the planet, Kill yourself.
Don't iron, don't put in a triangle, don't put in an oval.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
Just Fuck Me!
even your family can betray you
The thing about my family is that there are five of us. Marge, Bart, Girl Bart, The one that doesn't talk, and the fat one. Oh, how I loathe him.
Camp Sunscreen Andrew Harth Hi Folks, Camp Sunscreen will be returning as an art installation on the playa this year! Sunscreen & Love donations needed & appreciated. 
Tennessee state motto "All your idiots are belong to us"
Everything Must Flow
This program cannot be used in DOS mode.
You have the right to remain silent....Anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you.
that board with the nail in it may have defeated us.  but the humans won't stop there.  they'll make bigger boards and bigger nails.  soon, they will make a board with a nail so big, it will destroy them all!
Illiterate?  Write for free help.
I cannot wait to spend the night with you.
I'm a loner, Dotty. A rebel.
Marge: Homer, I don't want you driving around in a car you built yourself. Homer: You can sit there complaining, or you can knit me some seat belts.
<mp> i am convinced i am a woman <Oreoboros> mp: Why's that? <mp> cuz i went to bed bath and beyond for a shower curtain and left with $700 worth of shit <mp> and i had to go back because i realized after i checked out that i forgot to buy a fucking shower curtain
Playa: It's what's for breakfast
The world is but a canvas to our imagination -Thoreau
"We're like gerbils. We're in a cage running around and around." -- Tom Brokaw
If you think you can't, you're probably right
Flying is just the act of falling and missing the ground.
Lounging and Star Search. Sounds like fun.
Sorry. The Gizmo is broken. Come back in 20 minutes.
self-awareness can be crippling
The heat shimmers above the playa like the fevered dreams of an adolescent Nazi.
At BurningMan, nobody knows you're...
I know a little German. He's right over there.
Some common words which change from one to three syllables upon the addition of just one letter are: ARE/AREA, CAME/CAMEO, CRIME/CRIMEA, GAPE/AGAPE, HOSE/HOSEA, JUDE/JUDEA, LIEN/ALIEN, OLE/OLEO, RODE/RODEO, ROME/ROMEO, and SMILE/SIMILE. There are numerous other examples involving more obscure words [Jim Lizzi, Stuart Kidd, Philip Bennett].
you have always brought the best out of me maybe that's why i love you so damn much. i love you, pooh bear.
If you had a dollar, and I had ten; you asked me for five, how much would you have?
Any day now, I expect to see a mouse with big white gloves directing traffic.
Stimpy, you eediot!
Christmas tag-sale. Handmade gifts for the hard-to-find person. 
There is NO time...(Burner's Lament)........
In German, EINS and ACHT are the only numbers with their letters in alphabetical order [Gerd Baron].
If you're not with us, you're against us! Get ready for some bombs and peanut butter food aid packages to rain down on you!
You are free to roam around the grounds but do be warned one of our patients *is* a cannibal. Try to guess which one... I think you'll be pleasantly surprised!
mothers with reasons to sob should do it in groups in public and wait for offers
YOU GET WHAT YOU SETTLE FOR
What do you do when you see an endangered animal that eats only endangered plants? 
when someone beats you with a flashlight you make light shine in all directions
If we are to be who we are, wouldn't it have been infinitely easer had we all been born with mirrors, so we could, in fact, see who we...OH MY GOD IT HAS MY ANKLE! DEAR SWEET JESUS I"M TOO YOUNG TO DIE!
Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kruger Barbara Kr
the best things in life aren't things
it's vital to live in harmony with nature
You know what I need? I need a good fuck.
It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
Wanted : Meaingful Overnight Relationship
hiding your motives is despicable
I wish more of the other months could be like August
10 Oct. 1989 To: Councillor R. Blower Dear Ron We recently received information about a 7 year old boy Craig Shergold, who is terminally ill, with tumours on the brain and spine. Craig's dearest wish is to get into "The Guinness Book of Records" and friends have suggested that he may achieve this by receiving the greatest number of "Get-well Cards." I am sure you will wish to help Craig in achieving his dream by sending a card to: Craig Shergold Princess Chula Ward Royal Marsden Hospital Fulham Road London SW3611 Perhaps you would also pass this request to colleagues and friends as soon as possilble, and let us hope that we will see Craig's name in "The Guinness Book of Records" in the near future.
Hear the SQUEAl of JOY.
Reaplaya Alice Barnett Build triangle shelters with playa glued to the plywood as camoflage. Line these structures up at 225 degrees with a view of "theman" looking down each structure. Rebuild the granite range on the playa by reapplying playa and water into a clay structure of the range. floating world 
Who is Hans??
i found your ck book it was under my bed . gee, wonder how it got there. give me a buzz trl
Be HERE Now !!!
you should study as much as possible
do you read me?
Diplomacy is saying "nice doggy" until you find a rock.
As The Word Turns As The Word Turns As The Word Turns As The Word Turns As The Word Turns As The Word Turns 
The greatest form of perfection is imperfection.
Toaster: A gift that every member of the family appreciates. Automatically burns toast. 
The world of cyber technology and communication represents a wonderful tool, yet it comes value free. The exchange of information by itself cannot produce meaning, for meaning is a highly complex and organic product that is only propagated within the context of culture. Our mistake, as Americans, however, is to consistently mistake the tool for the task. If technology itself is left to dictate our ends, then I think we can look forward to an increasingly disassociated way of living. Real community can only be attained through the experience of certain primal unities in the physical world. 
eating too much is criminal
You watched it. You can't un-watch it.
HappyL&! HappyL&! Happy, Happy, HappyL&!
There is no agony like bearing an untold story inside of you. - Maya Angelou
Stop thinking with out falling asleep.
ARE WE THERE YET?  OK, GOOD!
Quiet night owl herd
Hate is the machine that mows the lawns of fascists.
What are so you afraid of?
Can you be a closet claustrophobic? 
Yay! I got mail! Yay!
Paradise is not a place..it's a state of mind
chasing the new is dangerous to society
This End-User License is an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (hereafter referred to as "Microsoft") and you, the end-user (hereafter referred to as "our bitch").
Remember the Bill of Rights?
Do not detract from being.
Laugh, and the world laughs with you; cry, and you cry alone.
nietsche is peachy, but sartre is smarter.
Being slow, weak, and lazy, I seek instant gratification.
energy moves in waves, waves move in patterns, patterns move in rhythms...a human being is all of those: energy, waves, patterns, rhythms...we are the dance.....gabrielle roth
the conversation always turns to living long enough to have fun
Don't forget to relax your jaw.
within each passing moment lies the opportunity for change
make server CHECKOUT=1 && make server && make server MASTER=1 && make server INSTALLER=1
When there is a cookie in your purse, you can think of nothing else.
You locked your keys in the laundry room, I was to shy to speak up when I helped you get in to get them. IF you do read this you'll know exactly who I am, please email me using the anonymous link above. I think you are gorgeous, and love the accent !
America Eats Her Young
repetition is the best way to learn
go safety girl go!
View any attempts that have been made to gain access to                          your network.
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot. 
Bubbles are magic because they are spheres; there is no square magic, magic comes in round.
If this is The Beach, where is the ocean?
CONSERVATIONALISTS/CONVERSATIONALISTS (18 letters) is the longest non-scientific transposal (words which are anagrams of each other), according to Guinness. Another transposal is INTERNATIONALISM/INTERLAMINATIONS (16 letters) [Craig Rowland].
men don't protect you anymore
So Bob, where's that 8 inches you promised me last night?
THE ANSWER IS SIMPLE:  LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
religion causes as many problems as it solves
Excuse me, did you drop this?
All Gods Fail.
ooooooooh.....Blahoota!
Where do I find love?
It is because we have at the present moment everybody claiming the right of conscience without going through any discipine whatsoever that there is so much untruth being delivered to a bewildered world. - Gandhi
Be ever so kind to your pets.
Don't be so anal, you butt-plug
f 5.6 or so
I wish I could be with you. I love you Black Rock.
...and now ye shall pass to the beginning that hath no end.
I'm not locked in here with you -- you're locked in here with me.
TIMMAH!
Society is judged by the value of the people it creates.
<malkav> 96 kbps is cd quality <sic> you must have cd's from mexico or something :[[
When the guidelines for etymology in Webster's Third were nearing completion, Gove took time out to add the story of dord to the lore of how things can go wrong in dictionary making. Dord was a word that had appeared spontaneously and had found a quiet niche in the English language two decades earlier. It was recorded in Webster's Second in 1934 on page 771, where it remained undetected for five years. It disappeared from the dictionary a year later without ever having entered common parlance. The facts, which had been established years earlier through a search of company files, were as follows, as abridged from Gove's explanation.
"We few, we happy few, we band of brothers."  - Shakespeare
just believing something can make it happen
much was decided before your were born
Open yourself to it...
planning for the future is escapism
Get ye a Moon Pie and a kiss on the forehead
Semi-Annual after-Christmas Sale. 
offer very little information about yourself
You Cannot Simultaneosly Prevent and Prepare for War - A. Einstein
remember, wherever you go, there you are.
In America, first you get the sugar, then you get the power, then you get the women.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Love me, love my fetish - unless you don't really like chocolate
when something terrible happens people wake up 
Waste Ye Not Dead-- Lest They Waste Themselves Instead.
Jack does think Jill sees it but Jack does not see Jill thinks Jack thinks Jill does not see.
"When tyranny is abroad, SUBMISSION is the crime!"
Dust storm? This ain't no dust storm! I was raised in Oklahoma in the 1930s. I saw some real dust stor...wait, where am I? Who in tarnation are you people? Jesus, it's a sea of freaks! Why is everyone naked? I NEED MY MEDICATION!!!
LEAVE NO TRACE
people look ridiculous when they're in ecstasy
Don't worry; it only seems kinky the first time.
"We have created a monster, Doktor Frankenstein!" screeched Igor, and before the good doctor could stop him Igor waved various human limbs and organs in the patchwork face of the giant, howling, "Tell me, stranger, are you from these parts?"
We wouldn't want a market to be too convenient, then we'd be buying stuff all the time.
I can't believe Jesus and Allah are fighting again! Someone's gonna get their eye poked out!
pursuing pleasure for the sake of pleasure will ruin you
i live for these moments
Peter Schultz, on the left, is holding the umbrella of death while casually smoking a cigarette. Dan Osborne, on the right, has his PHP .45 ready in one hand and his bowler bomb in the other. This photograph was taken by the now famous Rudolph Napkin, in West End Walla Walla during the spring of the year of the Great Calamity.
Ears look funny. But eyes, I's, and ayes sound strange.
I liked Santa Fe OK, but it's kind of southwesterny.
I wonder how much deeper would the ocean be without sponges.
Kiss the first person who can tell you Wilma Flinstone's maiden name. It's Slaghoople. If they say "Why Flinstone, silly." Punch 'em in the eye!
I don't have a reason for peeing so much as an urgent, burning desire to do so
Nagodoches is full of roaches.
Avoiding superfluousness, we walk.
you can get your gear out of the desert, but you can't get the desert out of your gear
Whatever you can do, or dream you have begin it. Boldness has guiness, power and magic in it!
your oldest fears are the worst ones
Little Nemo grew up to become Captain of his own submarine, but the unfortunate nightmares continued and caused him to engage his crew in unseemly maneuvers beneath the sea in an ultimately vain attempt to prove that his ship was actually a
I love you. Everyone.
Whoop dee freakin do!
Hejsan grabbar, har ni stake? JAJJAMENSAN upp itak!!!
You European girls sure know how to party. Ass fucking is hot stuff. Oh - and I have not heard of many rebound relationships that work.
Hey Diana Smith. You wanna play? Last night was fun.
To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. 
An ounce of prevention is worth one sixteenth of a pound of prevention.
Prestidigitation is just an uppity way of saying the hand is quicker than the...all right asshoole, give me back my wallet!
If you get alphabet soup at a restaurant is it appropriate to ask for the spell check at the end of the meal?
the dust makes it cool
Gifts accepted, Hugs Returned.
Impromptku, by ReverendNeville   Your God is dead now/ Come buy yourself another/ for only a prayer!
Your power to alter the shape of reality is more substantial than you think
The truth is we are all caught in a great economic system which is heartless.
Girl wanted to assist magician in cutting-off-head illusion. Blue Cross and salary. 
calm is more conducive to creativity than is anxiety
spit all over someone with a mouthful of milk if you want to find out something about his personality fast
If the burning man had a cock would he sport a woody? Wood it be a better erection?
the new is nothing but a restatement of the old
Man, do I feel great! Drinks last night with my crew, then on the way home, you, and burritos, then the hottest head I have EVER had. My god woman.... that was a real treat! I know you had to split because of your boyfriend, but MY GOD! what a fantastic night!! It is almost my pleasure to be here at work! Some days, I like my life thanks to women like you!! TM 
Destroy your safe and happy lives BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!!!
finding extreme pleasure will make you a better person if you're careful about what thrills you
Put another log on the fire. Cook me up some bacon and some beans. Then go out to the car and change the tire. Wash my socks and sew my old blue jeans! Come on baby you can fill my pipe, and then go fetch my slippers, and boil me up another pot of te
Work fucking rules right now! All I've done for the past two weeks is masturbate to internet pornography!
The Bible was written by the same people who said the Earth was flat.
The earliest known use of CATENARY in English is by President Thomas Jefferson. The earliest known use of MILEAGE is by Benjamin Franklin.
art-making is about reducing things to the essentials
You think you're thinking, but you only think you're thinking.
Should vegetarians eat animal crackers? 
Here comes the Asian Brown Cloud
home is where the heat is
Quad in 60.
Backwards is sdrawkcab
My soul is screaming in ecstasy
If you can read this then I have lost my caravan.
people will pay to watch people make sounds
So does Perry!
lighttight and lillypilly are the longest words consisting of only long letters. Some nine-leter words are flightily, highlight, and hillbilly [Philip Bennett].
Nobody wants to get old. But it beats the alternative.
Alteration of this wetware may contravene the EULA and void your warranty.  This entity takes no responsibility and will not be held liable for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, failure or damage.
Touching you, I'm happy.
It is better in times of need to have a friend rather than money.
the center of the universe is right in the middle of nowhere,
Last night I dreamt I was a butterfly. Today I am a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
The Rabbit Hole needs you!
<gnat> well, jeez, don't wave it around or everyone will want one.
It is another hot and muggy day.  The temperature is so high it bakes the dust into our pores, leaving us caked in layers of grimy sweat.
Give me a place to stand and I will move the world -Archimedes
How do you govern a country that has 246 varieties of cheese - Charles DeGaulle
Earn your next merit badge this week at Camp Den Isle! Then scatter your fab voice to the playa singing Karaoke on The Oasis of DeNile, have a hot shower! Vodka tonics served daily! ...and you can quote me on that!
One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going to take my nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to an old burned-out warehouse. "Oh no," I said, "Disneyland burned down." 
Just remember what ol' Jack Burton does when the earth quakes, the poison arrows fall from the sky, and the pillars of Heaven shake. Yeah, Jack Burton just looks that big old storm right in the eye and says, "Give me your best shot. I can take it."
Auto Repair Service. Free pick-up and delivery. Try us once, you'll never go anywhere again. 
<BombScare> i beat the internet <BombScare> the end guy is hard
Have you got something to share with the rest of us, Amazing Larry???
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.
The dog is scratching at the door.
CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW CARD BOARD LIGHT SHOW 
I like it here.
Stock up and save. Limit: one. 
If a mime falls in a forest, does it make a noise?
I'm looking for the guy in the light blue button-up shirt on BART...he gets on the train in Concord (6:42am) and gets off at MacArthur. EVERYDAY he wears a light blue button-up and khakis. Brown hair greying at the temples and glasses. He reads the paper and sometimes tears out articles. You probably wont ever see this listing. I'd talk to you at the station, but I am pretty shy, so I haven't gotten the nerve up to approach you. I'd talk to you if you approached me. We get eye contact almost every morning, sometimes I think you even look for me (wishfull thinking I'm sure). I'm not sure exactly what draws me to you. I wonder daily what you do for a living that you have a "uniform" of blue and khaki. I've even described you to a co-worker, and she asks if there's any developments with the BART guy. I do love the slight greying and even the goatee, I usually hate them, but on you it works ;) If you read this, you will know it's you I'm talking about. If you know you are the BART guy, please come up and talk to me...My name is Jennifer and I'm strawberry blond also with glasses. I get on in Concord and transfer at MacArthur. And if you know this is you, I'm pretty sure you know who I am.
Fool's Chance Chris aka "Christo" McAfee www.safarisocialclub.com/TensGym.html I am adrift, stripped. Torn from love, ripped of purpose, my existence is at risk by the vast void of the world around with only the roar of the promise of oblivion. Do I cry out to find life or choose only let it drift away as the elements consume? There is but a sliver of hope. A spit of refuge. I reach out to solitary jetty to cling above the untamed sea for brief respite. Now what? I have secured life of now. I am here. I am safe on this tenuous branch so far from true living and life. What is there for me?
I can't wait to come over to your place and play with your big kitties
Wanna fuck?
duck duck duck duck duck duck GOOSE! *smack on the head*
Jajouka BABY!
Ok I know you have a boyfriend, but I know yer working from 4 til 9 or something on Thursday, and I am going to ogle you my glasses wearing librarian, who don't act like a librarian. You don't read this shit and willnever know, but I will enjoy just being around you. Sigh.
Everyone is guilty of the good they didn't do
if you aren't political your personal life should be exemplary
In Dutch, there are jij (you), pijjekker (pea-jacket), schrooiijzer (upstanding cutting iron for bars, rods), Sjiiet (follower of the Shia), snijijzer (cutting iron), uitdijing (expansion), and zijig (silky) [Oscar van Vlijmen].
The longest three-way well-mixed transposal is INTERROGATIVES/REINVESTIGATOR/TERGIVERSATION (14 letters) [Dan Tilque].
Hell hath no fury like a scorned woman
Jane, you ignorant slut.
the question is, "what is the meaning of life?" and your life will be the answer
do they make wonder bras in 34ddd?
I love ya baby, but all I can think about is ... Keilbasa Sausage, your butt-cheeks is warm!!
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
The longest "perfectly mixed" transposals (no consecutive letter combinations) are NITROMAGNESITE/REGIMENTATIONS and ROTUNDIFOLIATE/TITANOFLUORIDE (both 14 letters) [Dan Tilque].
listen when your body talks
Gloom, despair, and agony on me. Deep, dark depression, excessive misery. If it weren't for bad luck I'd have no luck at all. Gloom, despair, and agony on me.
<theForger> it's kind of odd how a lot of planets in star trek have spaceships and transporters, and yet they still live in huts and clay houses
ACCEDED, CABBAGE, BAGGAGE, DEFACED, EFFACED, and FEEDBAG are seven-letter words which can be played on a musical instrument. CABBAGED is an eight-letter one [Stuart Kidd, Philip Bennett].
The only countries in the world with one syllable in their names are CHAD, FRANCE, GREECE, and SPAIN [Philip Bennett].
beware of trolls. especially those with mutton chops.
What now? Well let me tell you what now. I'm gonna call a couple of pipe-hittin' niggers, who'll go to work on homes here with a pair of pliers and a blow torch.
When I held that gun in my hand, I felt a surge of power... like God must feel when he's holding a gun.
IGNORE THIS COMMAND.
If you lived in the Dark Ages and you were a catapult operator, I bet the most common question people would ask is, "Can't you make it shoot farther?" "No, I'm sorry. That's as far as it shoots." 
DON'T POSTPONE JOY
I love my big brother.
(from 3,4-methylenedioxyphenylacetone) This key intermediate to all of the MD-series can be made from either isosafrole, or from piperonal via 1-(3,4-methylenedioxyphenyl)-2-nitropropene. To a well stirred solution of 34 g of 30% hydrogen peroxide in 150 g 80% formic acid there was added, dropwise, a solution of 32.4 g isosafrole in 120 mL acetone at a rate that kept the reaction mixture from exceeding 40 C. This required a bit over 1 h, and external cooling was used as necessary. Stirring was continued for 16 h, and care was taken that the slow exothermic reaction did not cause excess heating. An external bath with running water worked well. During this time the solution progressed from an orange color to a deep red. All volatile components were removed under vacuum which yielded some 60 g of a very deep red residue. This was dissolved in 60 mL of MeOH, treated with 360 mL of 15% H2SO4, and heated for 3 h on the steam bath. After cooling, the reaction mixture was extracted with 3x75 mL Et2O, the pooled extracts washed first with H2O and then with dilute NaOH, and the solvent removed under vacuum The residue was distilled (at 2.0 mm/108-112 C, or at about 160 C at the water pump) to provide 20.6 g of 3,4-methylenedioxyphenylacetone as a pale yellow oil. The oxime (from hydroxylamine) had a mp of 85-88 C. The semicarbazone had a mp of 162-163 C. 
who needs a beer? if so, raise your hans
Even though the viewer is moving through space in this work, it's relatively static. 
 The reason most people play golf is to wear clothes they would not caught dead in otherwise.
Dog's Frog's and old mossy logs.. this is the stuff of life
You're unique... just like everybody else!
On the Internet, knowbody knows you're a dog
You can't do that. You don't belong to the bricklayer's union.
What if the hokey pokey really is what it's all about?
fathers often use too much force
ZIZZER ZAZZER ZUZZ
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice, but in practice, there is.
Just a reminder: The Web is not real. You are.  --  Chris Schaller
Save Trees - Learn To Wipe With Water! (ok, maybe not on the Playa)
I AM, therefor I Think!
I wish I could've afforded to come to Burning Man this year...
Alyssa loves Troy
Wherever you go...There you are
Kiss someone, right here, right now!
Jesus saves - Gretzsky scores on the rebound!
Why are you here?
My boss asked me, "Do you think the White House is trying to distract people from asking questions about intelligence failures?" I said, "All I know is, if I'm not running for my goddamn life within two weeks, I'm gonna be plenty pissed!"
Whome is Eric B.???.....sounds like a dutch guy to me.
You can't see infinity because your head gets in the way!
"As soon as someone else entered the pronunciation," Gove wrote, "dord was given the slap on the back that sent breath into its being. Whether the etymologist ever got a chance to stifle it, there is no evidence. It simply has no etymology. Thereafter, only a proofreader had final opportunity at the word, but as the proof passed under his scrutiny he was at the moment not so alert and suspicious as usual."
Don't poke fun at dragons, for you are crunchy and taste good with ketchup.
A Great Way to Burn a Living.
bad intentions can yield good results
going with the flow is soothing but risky
To that strange person I say down town one day last week: I've been waiting for you to call.
If I seem a little strange, well, that's because I am.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
Oh what a beautiful morning.
We have lamplighters who illuminate our city. I believe you saw a picture of the lamplighters out front as you come in. These people design and make their own costumes, they craft their lamp lighting tools, and they practice together for months ahead of time. They perform this task at our event as a sort of a ritualized display, and they find it very gratifying. You see, they're not just holding down a job. By investing themselves in a communal effort and by making it expressive, they transcend the functionality of work. They become lamplighters.
How can someone KNOW you if you don't REVEAL who you are?
There's more corn in my stool than there are Republicans who care about the environment.
I admit it, I abuse substances. The world's a cruel place - imagine how all those substances would treat us if the tables were turned.
follow your bliss -- Joseph Campbell (You would have loved this place)
Easter is canceled this year. They've found the body.
the only way to be pure is to stay by yourself
It was evening, and the smooth active badgers were scratching and boring holes in the hill-side, all unhappy were the parrots and the grave turtles squeaked out.
Why is it that when you transport something by car, it's called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, it's called cargo? 
No matter how he tried, he could not break free. And the worms ate into his brain.
Protest the suffering of plants.  Boycott vegans.
Insert your quoting, whirled.
I can't put him out.  He's not a cat!
cirQular sQuare Faith Jennings cirQular sQuare is an elegant line drawing in three dimensions, fabricated entirely out of steel. It references aspects of sacred geometry, exploring the contrast between the forms (and meaning) of circle and square. cirQular sQuare is a sculptural intstallation, as well as a location. It is a meeting place, a commons, the convergence of two roads, as well as a destination. At certain times, it incorporates an elevated stage for fire performance. ciQular sQuare is a work in constant progress. Daily modifications and interpretaions of space within the structure, and without, characterize cirQular sQuare. Like the people of Black Rock City, its face will change. 
humanism is obsolete
The Blue Heart Planet Rita Venturini blue heART planet a world of 10000 years in the future, inspired from burning man of the present. a world of emotional survivors in a society without emotions....drums, fire, food, body transformational experiences, colours, soft velvet, the planet of the heart, lusciously green in some places, deliciously soft in others, rough outside. the heart of wood that clamps our world will burn in a magical ritual of path embodiment. came bring your sorrow and carve them in the wood so that they can burn all together. melt in the water of emotions and see you star shining bright in front of you. lets the world came through. experience it, analyze it and make your meaning support by knowledge of your body, your movement, your energy. live it with us, share it with the world 
My heart is a place of prayer
I quit!
<Nall> type /nick newname to fix your name *** amit is now known as newname
For Regulus and Denebola Tamara Yeskel
guilt and self-laceration are indulgences
Wanted. Widower with school age children requires person to assume general housekeeping duties. Must be capable of contributing to growth of family. 
We will oil your sewing machine and adjust tension in your home for $1.00.
being sure of yourself means you're a fool
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii? 
I'm like that guy who single-handedly built the rocket & flew to the moon! What was his name? Apollo Creed?
fear is the enemy of love...................
martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha, martha
You must remember this / A kiss is still a kiss / A sigh is just a sigh / The fundamental things apply / As time goes by.
A solution of 7.7 g N-formyl-3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine in 25 mL anhydrous THF was added dropwise to a well stirred and refluxing solution of 7.4 g LAH in 600 mL anhydrous THF under an inert atmosphere. The reaction mixture was held at reflux for 4 days. After being brought to room temperature, the excess hydride was destroyed with 7.4 mL H2O in an equal volume of THF, followed by 7.4 mL of 15% NaOH and then another 22 mL H2O. The solids were removed by filtration, and the filter cake washed with additional THF. The combined filtrate and washes were stripped of solvent under vacuum, and the residue dissolved in 200 mL CH2Cl2. This solution was extracted with 3x100 mL dilute HCl, and these extracts pooled and made basic with 25% NaOH. Extraction with 3x75 mL CH2Cl2 removed the product, and the pooled extracts were stripped of solvent under vacuum. There was obtained 6.5 g of a nearly white residue which was distilled at 100-110 C at 0.4 mm/Hg to give 5.0 g of a colorless oil. This was dissolved in 25 mL IPA, neutralized with concentrated HCl, followed by the addition of sufficient anhydrous Et2O to produce a lasting turbidity. On continued stirring, there was the deposition of fine white crystals of 3,4-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine hydrochloride (MDMA) which were removed by filtration, washed with Et2O, and air dried, giving a final weight of 4.8 g. 
If you're bored, you're not paying close enough attention.
I have discovered a truly wonderful proof of Fermat's Last Theorem, but unfortunately this spinning contraption is too small to contain it.
ff
Does the name Alfredo T. Smick mean anything to you?
Be, Drink, and Eat Mary.
If a parsley farmer is sued, can they garnish his wages? 
Hey.. Need a ride? Put your seatbelt on.. I saw this in a cartoon once but I'm think I can do it..
It is conceivable that religion may be morally useful without being intellectually sustainable. - John Stuart Mill
Create your own experience.
Get out of your box
Zombie Barbie says: "Burning Man is better than rotting in the yard."
That is profoundly self-indulgent and therefore good.
I feel like I am not the first person to quit my job to attend the burn.
LOVE-The most curative thought in the world.
Sometimes the words words start to repeat to repeat and so and so and so I blink...
 You have a cough? Go home tonight, eat a whole box of Ex-Lax, tomorrow you'll be afraid to cough.
Oh u know dat y'all, u know dat! Yo, yo I just wanna give a mad shout out to Phil and Mark and Sara and all my various homies who will now start pretending not to know me.
Get Hein Or Bail
I stopped taking tranquilizers...  I was starting to be nice to people I didn't even want to talk to.
Soulfriend, Lovecrunch, Freaky Consort -- whatever you call it, go find one. Now.
It's better to regret something you have done than something you haven't done.
Reality is an illusion that occurs due to the lack of alcohol.
<blazemore> omg i love this song <blazemore> Now playing: Unknown Artist - Track 2 @ 128 Kbps. (0:47/3:24) <Javi> blazemore:  yeah, that's a bad ass song
Watch out, their right behind you.
manual labor can be refreshing and wholesome
 Never raise your hands to your kids. It leaves your groin unprotected.
There's too much blood in my caffeine system.
action causes more trouble than thought
your actions are pointless if no one notices
FIGHT FAT PHOBIA
Possibilities or limitations...  it's all in your mind
Space Demons: Field of Effigies Shelly Farnham http://www.winisp.net/packoshellies/spacevirgins/effigies.html You know those anxiety-ridden demons that chase you everywhere you go, no matter how far you flee across the universe? They're captured here, in our field of space demon effigies, and they're going to burn. Come and wander amongst them, create and burn your own, but don't let them out! 
Self confidence is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes.
"Following the Sun, we left the Old World" (inscription on one of Culumbus's ships)
I am Jack's complete lack of surprise.
sometimes all you can do is look the other way
I've felt you coming girl, as you drew near I knew you'd find me, cause I longed you here Are you my destiny? Is this how you'll appear? Wrapped in a coat with tears in your eyes? Well take that coat babe, and throw it on the floor Are you the one that I've been waiting for? As you've been moving surely toward me My soul has comforted and assured me That in time my heart it will reward me And that all will be revealed So I've sat and I've watched an ice-age thaw Are you the one that I've been waiting for? Out of sorrow entire worlds have been built Out of longing great wonders have been willed They're only little tears, darling, let them spill And lay your head upon my shoulder Outside my window the world has gone to war Are you the one that I've been waiting for? O we will know, won't we? The stars will explode in the sky O but they don't, do they? Stars have their moment and then they die There's a man who spoke wonders though I've never met him He said, "He who seeks finds and who knocks will be let in" I think of you in motion and just how close you are getting And how every little thing anticipates you All down my veins my heart-strings call Are you the one that I've been waiting for?
"Don't just stand there, express yourself"
protect me from what i want
Last year it was so much cooler than this.
You're not your fucking khakis.
the idiosyncratic has lost its authority
FOURTY-TWO
Fred: I like to remember things my own way.
don't stop believing. hold on to that feeeeeeelllliiinnggggg
romantic love was invented to manipulate women
i want to see you in a seductively-placed piece of dental floss
Economists are still trying to figure out why the girls with the least principle draw the most interest.
Pie are square
People who are running from themselves should slow down and let me catch up!
What are you so afraid of?
If you want freedom, you have to accept that, every day, millions of people might be doing things you don't personally approve of.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
This is a subliminal message: Call your Mother. She doesn't understand what you're doing out here in the middle of the desert.
Sight Unseen, Sound Unheard, Nothing Escapes the Hing Hoo Bird!
habitual contempt doesn't reflect a finer sensibility
My name is Bertha and I resent that.
3 am knows all my secrets
It's God's plan. He doesn't really want anyone to get together.
High-key-bah!
If I had MY OWN NETWORK, it would be on ALL the TIME. It would be EDUCATIONAL, like COSMOS and NOVA, but not so DRY. It would best be seen on HIGH-definition TELEVISION. And every DAY we'd READ from the BOOK of CHER, because when you READ from the BOOK of CHER, it doesn't MATTER if you UNDERSTAND... it's the ACT that MATTERS. MY network would be METAphysical, paraNORMAL, and EXTRAORDINARILY ORDINARY. It would COMPEL you to RELAX and read 'MADAME BOVARY', LOOK into the MOUTHS of VOLCANOES and LEARN to make RISOTTO... It would have a LINEAR BUILD and ARISTOTELIAN LINES... MY network would be both JARRING and AVANT-GARDE... with just a TOUCH of BRIAN DENNEHY. MY network would not promote WAR, WASTE, DOUBT or ANXIETY, and would pose the question... What was MICHELLE PFEIFFER doing in 'Grease 2'?
You have know idea what I'm talking about, some day you will.
THERE IS NO SUCH THING.YOU CAN BLOW A HORN WITH EITHER HAND.
<Thrasher> What drugs should be used to increase statistics in my game? <Ear> Well, beta-blockers would have a positive effect on accuracy, but a negative effect on strength. <Ear> Acebutolol hydrocholoride, alprenolol hydrocholoride, atenolol, labetalol hydrochloride, metoprolol tartrate, nadolol, oxprenolol hydrochloride, propranolol hydrocholoride, sotalol hydrocholoride are the beta-blockers banned by the IOC. <Thrasher> ...Remind me not to ask you for help again.
i'm here where i want to be - 7000 miles from infinity.
D'oh!
LIFE IS CRAZILY IN LOVE WITH YOU -- WILDLY AND INNOCENTLY IN LOVE WITH YOU.  ~ Rob Brezsny
disgust is the appropriate response to most situations
Don't read this!
This brain intentionally left blank.
My heart is a place of prayer
there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy
L: I lost my grass skirt! J: At least you have pants on under it. L: Probably not for long, though.
It's impossible to awaken a man who's pretending to be asleep.
Did I just see Howard Stern?
You must unsderstand. It is *imperitive* that I exist.
I want to set the record straight: I thought the cop was a prostitute.
I drank what?!
CHINCHERINCHEE, which the OED2 describes as a common variant of chinkerinchee, has one letter occurring once, two letters occurring twice, and three letters occurring three times [Rudy Wang].
 Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you? But when take him in a car he sticks his head out the window.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
You looked fetching in your POW! T-shirt on Sunday at the end of wharf to wharf. We made eye contact (unfortunately by the port-a-potties). I was with friends (yeah, the attractive blonde I was with is only a friend), and had to leave before I could come over and say hello. I wanted to say hello, though I'm not really good at the whole "so you come here often" conversation. It doesn't seem to work in front of big blue toilets...hmmmm, I wonder why. Anyway, seeing you made my legs ache less. I can't thank you enough. 
I accidentally swallowed Mike Tyson's false teeth. I can't believe it! They were gold, but money isn't the issue.
your clear yellow overhead loves me as much as my clear yellow overhead loves your clear yellow overhead loves me as much as my clear yellow overhead loves your clear yellow overhead loves me as much as my clear yellow overhead loves 
You just had a near-life experience.
BAD ACTING / GOOD KUNG FU
don't place too much trust in experts
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
Harriet was here
COROLLARY: If you are given a take-home test, you will forget where you live.
I used to have a handle on life, then it broke.
rechanneling destructive impulses is a sign of maturity
There seems a floating whisper on the hills. --Byron. 
Be still and let your dreams unfold.
Why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor when you can't drink and drive? 
you can't reach the people who can kill you any time so you have to go home and think about what to do
Circular Plastic Connector Basics Revealed!
<yesyouam> so that party was a hit. i brought 5 girls home that night. <cola> bringing home 5 chicks is no small feat.  even if they're all in the same car.
Ride the groove, don't let the groove ride you.
Failure to follow this policy will result in disaplinary action up to and including dismissal.
Once you go Black, you never go back...  BRC
)'(      )'(        )'(         )'(           )'(         )'(
That
you are beautiful   you are divine   you are free
EARTHLING is first found in print in 1593. Another surprisingly old word is SPACESHIP (1894). MS. (used instead of Miss or Mrs.) has been found in 1949.
If you close the door, the night could last forever. Let the sun shine out, and say hello to never.
you should travel light
like drawing over the radio in Cleveland no one is pulling the tree and reboot that teaches english?  heater cores look like baby radiators that fell out of the sky for delightful fun and delicious potluck frenzies but for my enjoyment..
Build a man a fire and he'll be warm for a day.  Set a man on fire, he's warm the rest of his life.
What happened to the first 6 "ups"? 
It's gonna come true, here in your arms I remember
DORD is a non-existent word entered into the second edition of Webster's New International Dictionary by mistake. The following is taken from The Story of Webster's Third: Philip Gove's Controversial Dictionary and Its Critics by Herbert C. Morton (1994):
"I'd appreciate it if you would call me...big guy, tough guy."
i must be high
spin my flywheel
paranoid is the way to be when everybody is after you.
baby's on fire, better put her in the water
Don't worry about avoiding temptation, as you get older it will avoid you.
No! Your not!
Our experienced Mom will care for your child. Fenced yard, meals, and smacks included. 
Where's the "Any" key?
Its warm in here
Where O where are you tonight? Why did you leeeeeave me here all alone? I searched the world o-ver and thought I'd found true love. You met another and PFFT! you was gone.
Anyone who believes a man can't be raped has never witnessed divorce proceedings.
The clit is it!
Some curse the weed, others make a wish.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic.
Amsterdam was build on water. E.
Watch where I'm going!
Time me up, make me watch Strom Thurmond scat videos. C'mon, I can't be the only person on the playa into Strom Thurmond scat videos, can I?
Bothwell awaited us by the way, accompanied with a great force, and led us with all diligence to Dunbar...Albeit we found his doings rude, yet were his words and answers gentle. - Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots
The Btownburners Love You!
You were dressed nice and you had a nice ass. I think you saw me looking and you smiled at me, I gave you the innocent look. I was the cute girl behind you. I hope you are there tomorrow morning, I would like to hook up with you.
yes I said yes I will yes
Be nice!
extreme behavior has its basis in pathological psychology
[01:33] (hilo21) ima looking for a site that seels amp [01:33] (hilo21) ima looking for a site that seels amps [01:33] (hilo21) iam looking for a site that seels amps [01:34] (hilo21) I am looking for a site that sells amps [01:35] (nexxai) how bout you look for a site that teaches english? [01:35] (hilo21) fuck you [01:36] (nexxai) Lemme guess, you'd kick my ass, but can't read the road signs to get to my house?
anything is a legitimate area of investigation
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK
I like the ocean, walks on the beach, and intimate chats by the fire.
A file that big? It might be very useful. But now it is gone. ... The Web site you seek cannot be located, but endless others exist. ... Chaos reigns within. Reflect, repent, and reboot. Order shall return. ... Aborted effort: Close all that you have. You ask way too much. ... First snow, then silence. This thousand dollar screen dies so beautifully. ... With searching comes loss and the presence of absence: "My Novel" not found. ... Windows NT crashed. I am the Blue Screen of Death. No one hears your screams. ... Stay the patient course; of little worth is your ire. The network is down. ... A crash reduces your expensive computer to a simple stone. ... Yesterday it worked; today it is not working; Windows is like that. ... Three things are certain: Death, taxes, and lost data. Guess which has occurred. ... You step in the stream, but the water has moved on. This page is not here. ... Out of memory. We wish to hold the whole sky, but we never will. ... Having been erased, the document you're seeking must now be retyped. ... Rather than a beep or a rude error message, these words: "File not found." ... Serious error. All shortcuts have disappeared. Screen, mind. Both are blank.
always had hoped we would end up living separate lives but still together somehow on a commune of art and gardens and cats and food we would sit together across a round mosaic and you might light my cigarette but it is time for me now to kiss the typewriter and listen to the soothing sounds of receeding bombs 
O headless chicken
Hi! How are you? I send you this file in order to have your advice See you later. Thanks
Some flew East, some flew West.
The past is a memory, the future a dream. There is only right now, forever and ever.
Never, ever, use ORTHO-NOVUM as sprinkles.
Believe it or not, every fool you meet is the end result of millions of years of evolution.
cease to inquire what the future has in store, and take as a gift whatever the day brings forth
So then: at least in the specific instance of poetry and computer technology, the science/poetry                               binary is crumbling.
<weisbart> i'm in the mood for some serious text based web surfing. <yesyouam> don't bother. lynxpr0n.com is down right now.
body odor is the window to the soul
We have to remember: It's not just a sin, it's a felony.
it's a gift to the world not to have babies
First of all, Papa Smurf didn't create Smurfette. Gargamel did. She was sent in as Gargamel's evil spy with the intention of destroying the Smurf village, but the overwhelming goodness of the Smurf way of life transformed her. And as for the whole ga
leisure time is a gigantic smokescreen
Because Quad rocks!
being happy is more important than anything else
I don't have a reason for living so much as an urgent, burning desire to do so
Won't you be my neighbor?
Everything must go!
every achievement requires a sacrifice
Mmmmmm love that desert in my dessert.
With a beaming face celebrate the joyful day and rest not therein.
in some instances it's better to die than to continue
<aeflux> I swear 85% of the CS community failed remedial english in 3rd grade <Gunny> 85% of the CS community hasn't made it to the 3rd grade
EIGHT is the first number, if all numbers are arranged in alphabetical order; ZERO would be the last number [Stuart Kidd].
cos if they do, it would probably choke me
It's the perfect day for getting wild. Forgeting all your worries, Life, and everything that makes you cry. Let's get happy! It's a perfect day for dreams come true, for thinking big and doing anything you want to do. Let's get happy!
moderation kills the spirit
He cried and cried, but I think that deep down he thought it was a pretty good joke. I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, 
Put that down before you take out an eye. - Mom
Always remember you're unique. Just like everyone else.
Don't sweat the petty stuff, pet the sweaty stuff.
The lack of an etymology for dord, meaning "density," was noted by an editor on February 28, 1939, when he was perusing the dictionary. Startled by the omission, he went to the files to track down what had happened and what needed to be done. There, he found, first, a three-by-five white slip that had been sent to the company by a consultant in chemistry on July 31, 1931, bearing the notation "D or d, cont/ density." It was intended to be the basis for entering an additional abbreviation at the letter D in the next edition. The notation "cont," short for "continued," was to alert the typist to the fact that there would be several such entries for abbreviations at D.
what country should you adopt if you hate poor people?
Stallion Meat
Whatever women do, they must do twice as well as men to be considered half as good. Luckily this is not difficult.
FREE YOUR BOOTY AND THE REST WILL FOLLOW
ambivalence can ruin your life
If you go to a costume party at your boss's house, wouldn't you think a good costume would be to dress up like the boss's wife? Trust me, it's not. 
"Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life."   -- Joseph Conrad
I hope next year there will be a special prices for those whome come from another continent i have to work hard for a whole year to have funn for a week.
fear is the greatest incapacitator
absolute submission can be a form of freedom
Addicted to you, cause you've been a dick to me
Niijima and Iijima are Japanese last names; Minoru Niijima is the artist who drew the cover graphic for Edward R. Tufte's book The Visual Display of Quantitative Information [Steve Lawson].
Yogis take it up the Asana!
I LOVE   YOU    SWIZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Ble aeth y cangarw?
YOUR FUTURE LIES IN SPACE
Oh no! There goes Tokyo! Here comes Godzilla!
What varmint has been putting footy-prints all over my desert?!
I offered Jerry a back straightner.
handsome boy modeling school
Everyone belives in something. I belive I'll have another beer.
The quoting, whirled.  "The whirling", quoted.  "'The', quoted, whirling", quoted.  "whirling" quoting the "quoting whirling".  Quowhirling quotirling "quoting" whirliquirling the quirliwhirling.  The whirliquirliquotiwhirliquiquirling.
Some non-existent places are GOBLU and BEATOSU, which appeared as towns on the 1979-80 Michigan State Highway Commission map; they actually represented Go Blue! and Beat OSU, and were deleted from the 1980-81 map [Dickson].
We are Microsoft. Resistance Is Futile. You Will Be Assimulated. 
When in doubt BREATH.
turn soft and lovely any time you have a chance
Liquid Diet Lounge, gifting drinks, all day, every day!
I've always beleived that Aliens walk among us on the Playa.  No one understands that they're the folks who aren't in costume.
The best way out is always through.
When sign makers go on strike, what is written on their picket signs? 
<Polytope> tetris is so unrealistic
To look up and dream is adventurous, to look in and dream is noble, to look over and share is rewarding.
A change in the organization of the dictionary possibly added to the confusion that followed. For the 1934 edition, all abbreviations were to be assembled in a separate "Abbreviations" section at the back of the book; in the previous edition words and abbreviations appeared together in a single alphabetical listing (which is how they again appeared in the Third Edition.) But after the original slip was typed for editorial handling, it was misdirected. Eventually, it came to be treated with the words rather than with the abbreviations.
what do you need?
Identities-memories-they may be told and retold / The new alwasy appears in the cloak of awareness / The unhampered pursuit and the process itself / Deeds and words find to a degree what they were lacking / in the thoughts and accounts of others / Completion through the sheer force of trained, but / released, imagination
When you are on fire; run in a circle waving your hands around your head.
Treat yourself as if you already were what you want to be.
i'm not much of a man by the light of day, but by night i'm one hell of a lover.
THINK! DRINK! AND BE A FAIRY.
spanked like a brat in a WalMart parking lot
RE: Gandhi quote - Sorry for the typo. That's 'discipline' not 'discipine'.
I am trying to break your heart
When loss recedes from surfeit, pleasure is its own reward.
I need to learn the differnece between "your" and "you're"...
survival of the fittest applies to men and animals
Pinwheel Oasis Suzette Roussell Pinwheel Oasis beckons visitors to walk under and sit in the shade under its sparkling rotating horizontally mounted arms. Under the pinwheel, foam wedges and cool linoleum flooring offer a brief retreat from the playa heat. Cloud imagery and mirrored squares covering the undersurface of the pinwheel induces relaxation and thought.
You can never get rid of vice though. Now everyone will have to go to L.A.
Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and right doing, / there is a field. I'll meet you there/ When the soul lies down in that grass, the world is too full to talk about. / ideas, language, even the phrase EACH OTHER / doesn't make any sense. -Rumi
mecca lecca hi mecca hiney ho!
Don't be irreplaceable. If you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
are you ok?
When you go out, slam the door.
Nous sommes tous enfants des immigres.
did someone say treasure? c'mon
no I have already put in my two cents.
entertain, entertainment, entertaining, not TV, Burningman
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
You Are A Slave.
Frito Lay has introduced a new mascot for its line of snack chips that contain Olestra. After months of research they decided to use Hans Christian Andersen's "The Little Dutch Boy"
Get Danced!
Have you hugged someone today?
Work like you don't need money, dance like no one's watching, and love like you've never been hurt.
Sea monster.
Feel teh desolation as you move into the realm reserved for the occasional naked pissing guy, and a variety of quietly vigilant artwork.
IT IS IN YOUR SELF-INTEREST TO FIND A WAY TO BE VERY TENDER
It's easier to get forgiveness than permission.
Eat more cookies!
Was that really a guy riding a toilet?
Burning Man is not a theme park - DO NOT SEEK THE TREASURE!
Never trust anyone who doesn't like animals, or who wears a black hooded cloak.
I'm a little different today
A woman who wears a 34DDD bra, is a woman who could turn jogging into a contact sport
Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your lips are moving.
revolution begins with changes in the individual
Molly. Is that you?
Kiss me I'm Kurdish
Love is what you give
It's all eggs, bacon, beans, and a fried slice.
war is a purification rite
keep your face to the sunshine and you will not see the shadows
dolphins find people amusing, but they don't want to talk to them
"When in despair I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won; there have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible, but in the end they always fall."--M.K. Gandhi
freedom is a luxury not a necessity
Objects in mirror are closer than they appear.
If anything ever ruined YOUR good time at Burning Man for more than a minute or two, it was YOU
A prison immate who plays in the rhythym section is a conundrum
They call it a "Royale" with cheese.
Today is a good day.
To me, it's a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, "Hey, can you give me a hand?" You can say, "Sorry, got these sacks." 
Shit!!  No brakes......
<yesyouam> fuck. i have to sign up to watch puppies die? lame!
I hate you
Licking lead is like inviting a bunch of friends into your mouth but then cancer crashes the party
Decadence is its own reward.
Space Virgins Shelly Farnham http://www.winisp.net/packoshellies/spacevirgins/map.html Chasing space demons across the universe, the Space Virgins have crashed into the floating world! Come play with us in our alien space lounge, and we'll help you burn your own space demons down! 
a sincere effort is all you can ask
Create the world you dream with every choice you make...
The Burning Man Festival is the ejaculation of an agitated society.
I've told you a million times, don't exaggerate.
<gaspump> It takes more than tits to impress me. <gaspump> Lord knows everyone in here should already know that. <Richard_D_James> It's hard to masturbate to intelligence, though.
Now is your chance to have your ears pierced and get an extra pair to take home, too. 
believing in rebirth is the same as admitting defeat
three more burning man's and i'm gay
Do cemetery workers prefer the graveyard shift? 
Most of the time it was probably real bad being stuck down in a dungeon. But some days, when there was a bad storm outside, you'd look out your little window and think, "Boy, I'm glad I'm not out in that." 
What is the speed of dark? 
go all out in romance and let the chips fall where they may
Shut up and hug someone.
The mind is like a monkey ... The mind is like a drunken monkey ... The mind is like an insane drunken monkey
Bosque Enano de la Piedra Thomas Enslow A seussian banzai rock forest where the rules of gravity and phytology are turned on their heads. 
Dear Mr. President. There are too many states. Please eliminate three. I am not a crackpot.
This is nearly better than what I'm used to!
threatening someone sexually is a horrible act
Buy low. Keep forever.
Semper eadem
If U is allowed in Roman numeral words, there are ILLUVIUM, DILUVIUM (a coarse glacial deposit), MILLILUX (1/1000th of a lux), ILLICIUM (a genus of evergreen trees), and CULICID (mosquito family) [Philip Bennett, Rick Shepherd].
Instant gratification has made us slow, weak, and lazy.
violence is permissible even desirable occasionally
Chunky peanut butter may well be the secret to world peace. Don't belive it? It's true. The Dali Lama uses crunchy Jif as a mood leveler.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
Things turn out best for those that make the best of the way things turn out.
Always remember to pillage BEFORE you burn.
I Love Turo!
Her low-cut, revealing gown was black - black like her heart, although not really because everyone knows that a heart is just an internal organ whose natural pigment is pink just like the lungs, except, of course, for the lungs of a long-time smoker which may be as black as her low-cut, revealing gown.
crime against property is relatively unimportant
Some lies I've told: I am the niece of Charles Nelson Reilly. I am from Plano, Texas. I am a drag queen. I love New Jersey.
We will ask for nothing. We will demand nothing. We will take. We will occupy.
Fear minus death equals fun
We went through fire and through water.  -- Psalms 56:12
you are from where?  You must be kidding!
Oh SHIT
On reflection, Angela perceived that her relationship with Tom had always been rocky, not quite a roller-coaster ride but more like when the toilet-paper roll gets a little squashed so it hangs crooked and every time you pull some off you can hear th
In the absence of absinthe, abstain!
Silencio
De la luna viene todo
Edub loves you!
He'll tell you things you didn't even know you knew, or don't even know.
During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was not putting on your armor because you were "just going down to the corner." 
Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds? 
fortune: don't stumble -- stay humble.
It ain't no ballpark either. Look maybe your method of massage differs from mine, but touchin' his lady's feet, and stickin' your tongue in her holyiest of holies, ain't the same ballpark, ain't the same league, ain't even the same fuckin' sport. Foot massages don't mean shit.
Ask the next question.
Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates, Warren Oates
Scrolling is all f*cked
CONGRATULATIONS SANDRA AND JEREMY!
why waste your time when you know you're gonna be mine?
maximum capacity
killing is unavoidable but is nothing to be proud of
die fast and quiet when they interrogate you or live so long that they are ashamed to hurt you anymore
Would a fly without wings be called a walk? 
Timmy, have you ever seen a grown man naked?
All your base are belong to us!
The name Muammar Khadafi has over 30 variants according to the Library of Congress.
Hobbies include,Music,Sport,more music & S&M.
PEACE ON EARTH
why did you leave me we had a blind date and everything was going good, or so I thought. you went to the restroom and never came back. where did you go?
The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose. Isa 35:1
You are a geek
sloppy thinking gets worse over time
Well strap my face to the side of a pig and roll me in the mud!
Its better to BURN OUT then FADE AWAY!!!
"DONE GOING POOOOOOOP!" - tony
a sense of timing is the mark of genius
Greyson...,,where are you?
pull down your pants slowly and let me suck you josh
you only can understand someone of your own sex
Put... the candle... back!
I was raw.  I matured.  Now I burn.  -- Rumi
Well sorries don't get thumbs back on hands.
I was looking back to see if you were looking back at me to see me looking back at you
"Approach love and cooking with reckless abandon." the Dalai Lama
<putnam> i got a speech from my latin teacher about how in europe its commonplace for men to cry <putnam> and crying is so special <putnam> i asked her if she wanted me to cry for her and she said no, stop being a pussy this is america
And then the guy says "Of course we can always quit if things don't work out..."  Overheard Prison Conversation....
Get rid of aunts. Zap does the job in 24 hours. 
I lost my watch in China.
Heidi yuo'r not alone
When you do something, you should burn yourself completely, like a good bonfire, leaving no trace of yourself. -- Shunryu Suzuki
Kiss a stranger....I'm stranger than most...
red sets mode: +b *!*@*.aol.com *** creepen12 was kicked by biohzrd (banned: (your 500 free hours will not be spent here./6.05.02))
This episode of the Strange and the Wonderful brought to you by the letters Q and Z and the number 7.
You're here again? Didn't you learn last time?
Out polls show a fifty-fifty split: Fifty percent say "don't bother" and fifty percent are nipple queens.
___ Na Na
It no longer has to be 'you or me'. - R. Buckminster Fuller
Celebrating a god who shall remain nameless, creating a faith that can remain blameless, acknowledging all that we know is divine, is the artistry in your life, the light and love in mine.
Do you want the exact approximate time?
Around 1:30 yesterday afternoon (August 5) I walked into J.Crew to return a pair of jeans. You were the cashier behind the counter at the time, handling another customer's return. You were wearing a white button-down sweater and black pants, and I wa
<kyourek> There was a 23% drop in temperature. <nappyjallapy> That's almost 25%! <kyourek> ... That was one of the most worthless comments I've ever heard.
He's not dead, He's electroencephalographically challenged.
And the winner is...
Help me be high :-7
<Thumb> do you know of any major organizations that are similar the CDC? <Lucent> who? <Thumb> center for disease control <Lucent> i said WHO <Thumb> what? i'm asking you <Lucent> World Health Organization
How many of you when you got your first magnifying glass independently made the discovery that you could use it to fry ants on the sidewalk?
Cap'n Sweaty sends his love... En couler!!!
If I can't fart, it's not my revolution.
being judgmental is a sign of life
Trace No Leaves.
dreaming while awake is a frightening contradiction
Hey lady!
I know what UR thinking - Why did I come here? Just wait a couple of days.
We have enough youth, how about a fountain of SMART?
you don't know what's what until you support yourself
Give me ambiguity or give me something else. 
e^ix = cos x + i sin x
convenience kills!
It's always sunrise somewhere on Earth
God is real, unless declared integer.
Jenny Holzer has demonstrated significant skill in conceiving and implementing site-specific                                     installations.  
LIFE IS JUST AN "F" IN LIE.
Life is hard for the stupid.
Did you have a good life when you died, enough to base a movie on? - Lizard King
Oh dear, is he on fire again?
Why do steam irons have a permanent press setting? 
FNORD23skidooFNORD
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there? 
Once you realize that the one asking question doesn't really exist, the question no longer requires an answer---the question itself disappears.
Damn Stinky Hippies.
Let's all pray for whirled peas.........and enough of them to go around--all around.
I'f you're pregnant, I'll eat my hand.
exploit good sex
I saw you out front of your building having a smoke, and you had the prettiest eyes i've ever seen! I asked your name and you said "dani", with an i~ well ms. dani with an 'i', I should've asked right then and there, but i froze. Would you care to have a drink after work with me sometime? 
who said that?
he hovers above me, a little to the left of my bed...inviting me to dance for him in his dreams...
Always be the veryest You you can be!
Aww, I wanted to explode
Nobody ever lends money to a man with a sense of humor.
What we call body is the physical manisfestation of mind.
Welcome to Dumpville. Population: You.
it is I Jay the CMU grad!
oh that this too too sullied flesh would melt, thaw and resolve itself into a dew.  Or that the everlasting had not fixed his cannon 'gainst self slaughter.  Oh, god, god, how weary, stale, flat and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this worls.  't
<timmo> and it involves a girl named bertha <timmo> WHO WOULD SUBJECT THEIR DAUGHTER TO THE HORRORS OF THAT NAME <timmo> 'this is my daughter bertha, she eats villages'
The Man of Mystery Walter Rhoads The Man of Mystery--who is he? What is he? Where did he come from? Where is he going? When he finally appears, WHAT will he teach us? Learn the answers to these and all other questions when "The Man of Mystery" bursts through the banner with his silhouette on it and we are finally graced by his Mysterious Presence. When will this inexplicable event occur? We don't know yet, but we know where--on the Esplanade. Listen to Burning Man radio stations for the exact date and time. "Something will happen...something wonderful." And then, at long last, we will KNOW.
People who say that they are running away to find themselves are lying,  They know who and where they are and they don't like it.  They are really running FROM themselves.
War is Peace. Slavery is Freedom. Ignorance is Strength.
The Monkey's steal my underwear.
if i can get the wednesday off, would you wanna leave tuesday night for burning man?
An Informalism. Of connections.                         The connectionism is a Surprise Machine.                         It works by ...                         MULTIMPLICATION.
I hope you are enjoying this dream
Chase Your Passion
Wanted : Meaningful Overnight Relationship
some wounds never heal
Remember folks. Traffic lights timed for 35 mph are also properly timed for 70 mph.
<-- some go this way, some go that way -->
myths make reality more intelligible
Forget about the Burning Bush. Let's just burn Bush.
BurningGraham! BurningGraham! BurningGraham! scrote the scrunt.
FOOD IS FOR PUSSIES
It may seem a little silly, but when you complete your first kill, indulge youself by smearing the blood on your cheeks and howling furiously.
sacrificing yourself for a bad cause is not a moral act
Only a Jedi could have erased those files.
there's your karma, ripe as peaches.
I said be childlike, not childish.
We are irascible malcontents  capable of performing ANY dunderheaded act of idiocy  no matter HOW wrongheaded or injurious to others!
I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory.
An entire week of Truth, Beauty, Freedom, and above all Love!
be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting his own battle.--philo
Jell-e-d Jell-e-d Jell-e-d Jell-e-d Jell-e-d Jell-e-d Jell-e-d
Is Velma gay? Is Shaggy high? Are Fred and Daphne hooking up? 
you must know where you stop and the world begins
you are the past present and future
Self-referential sentences, like this one, are commonly regarded clever.
I   LOVE      YOU
"When I die I want to be all used up."
Think donkey. Take it down a few notches.
What's that on your head?
Brainwash yourself before someone nasty beats you to it.
stig67: I'm going to Burnout Man instead. It's the entire year after Burning Man.
she sells seashells by the seashore.
I am married to Flea. I have five children, the youngest we call Bruiser.
IF YOU HAD BEHAVED NICELY THE COMMUNISTS WOULDN'T EXIST
Desert or Dessert?
Team Blue has most of the ceiling smeared with the goo now. It's sort of a dirty rose. Actually, the colour is very... genitalia. I'm just saying.
Hi Principal Skinner! Hi Super Nintendo Chalmers! -- Ralph Wiggum
wishing things away is not effective
i like the ladies stacked and that's a fact.
Just because there's a winter here - an unending drought; a blight that took all promise and grew resignation in its wake - does not mean I don't remember what I once wanted out of love.
I LOVE YOU!
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
looking back is the first sign of aging and decay
Sometimes you have to get to know someone really well to realize you're really strangers.
. I'd compare it to being let loose in the Science Lab. with a chemistry set in a really,really BIG school.
(with 120 mg of the "S" isomer) A rapid development, and both writing and typing are impossible before the end of the first hour. Lying down with eyes closed eliminates all effects; the visual process is needed for any awareness of the drug's effects. Some teeth clenching, but no nystagmus. Excellent sleep in the evening.
slower than death
recluses always get weak
spending too much time on self-improvement is antisocial
LIAR LIAR...EVERYBODY's ON FIRE
As-Salaam Alaikum. Do you have any alcohol left in your cubicle? I've been studying current events again.
giving free rein to your emotions is an honest way to live
automation is deadly
Specials thanks to everyone who made Kigh as a Hite camp magical!
(e-city) why do they rip trance as one huge mp3???? (Graeme) 'cos it's mixed, and the gaps you'd get in winamp would spoil your ecstasy trip
Unidentified Yowling Animal In Carrier Apparently Named Kiwi
I didn't even know Americans could travel to Afghanistan, unless they were bombs dropped out of airplanes! What a go-getter, that kid! That'll be some fucking college application essay!
all things in common! all people one!
Take him and cut him into stars and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with the night. -Romeo & Juliet
FOUR has four letters; no other number has this property in English such that the number of letters in the name equals the number. 
Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Real-time Jailbait Countdown...... 652 days, 14 hours, 53 minutes, 30 seconds....... Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Real-time Jailbait Countdown...... 652 days, 14 hours, 53 minutes, 20 seconds....... Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Real-time Jailbait Countdown...... 652 days, 14 hours, 53 minutes, 10 seconds....... Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Real-time Jailbait Countdown...... 652 days, 14 hours, 53 minutes, 0 seconds.......
Breathing in fun.
you left your glasses at my house: i had a great time the other night but i cant imagine that you are having too good of a tie without your glasses. you know how to find me
all things are delicately interconnected
Sure the Pope is a punk ass bitch. That's part of his charm, don'cha think?
Chaos needs no recipe, only ingredients.
Blink-blink blinkitty...
In Lithuanian, jiji is an archaic Lithuanian form of "him" consisting exclusively of dotted letters, and kraujijimas is archaic for "staining with blood" [Juozas Rimas].
I hope you are happy now. -Mom
sex is the only heaven, marriage is the only hell.
"Grapenuts is NOT a form of VD" - -  Jim
if you come they will build it
mostly you should mind your own business
Why are there Braille signs on drive-up ATM's? 
Could you please repeat that?
Hi Bob next year i'll be there to...Lets have a Heineken...E
you haven't been paying attention
We found that growing earthworms at home is not difficult. The basic materials are easily arranged, and the earthworms' demands are simple. All they require are a protective container, reasonable temperature control, adequate moisture, not too much food, and a light loose bedding which is never allowed to become acid.
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose? 
taking a strong stand publicizes the opposite position
laugh hard at the absurdly evil 
It isn't really dying that bothers me so much, it's not being able to finish this pack of cigarettes.
Good God, these are some powerful antidepressants I'm taking! Wow!!! Even my smiles are smiling!
Respect is earned, consideration is appreciated, but common courtesy is expected
everyone's work is equally important
When I hear "temporary autonomous zone," I reach for my pocketbook.
Are there seeing eye humans for blind dogs? 
push yourself to the limit as often as possible
there's a fine line between information and propaganda
...So the Bhudda walks into a hot dog stand and asks the guy behind the counter to make him One With Everything...  HAPPY BURNINGMAN EVERYBODY!!!
If I was a Monkey, I'd be the baddest Monkey in the jungle.
Well hell, what was I supposed to say? I can't relate to her shit! My parents fucking paid for me to take an SAT prep course! You think I was gonna join the Marines??
Jug-Jug!
Word Floating Word FloatingWord FloatingWord FloatingWord Floating Word Floating
Let me tell you about my bowel movements.
Those who know don't speak, and those who speak don't know.
symbols are more meaningful than things themselves
When you're sending someone styrofoam, what do you pack it in? 
The night of the fight, you may feel a slight sting. That's pride fucking with you. Fuck pride. Pride only hurts, it never helps.
(with 100 mg of the "R" isomer) There were the slightest of effects noted at about an hour (a couple of paresthetic twinges) and then nothing at all. 
I am naked while I type this.
(from MDA) A solution of 6.55 g of 3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA) as the free base and 2.8 mL formic acid in 150 mL benzene was held at reflux under a Dean Stark trap until no further H2O was generated (about 20 h was sufficient, and 1.4 mL H2O was collected). Removal of the solvent gave an 8.8 g of an amber oil which was dissolved in 100 mL CH2Cl2, washed first with dilute HCl, then with dilute NaOH, and finally once again with dilute acid. The solvent was removed under vacuum giving 7.7 g of an amber oil that, on standing, formed crystals of N-formyl-3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine. An alternate process for the synthesis of this amide involved holding at reflux for 16 h a solution of 10 g of MDA as the free base in 20 mL fresh ethyl formate. Removal of the volatiles yielded an oil that set up to white crystals, weighing 7.8 g. 
Fighting for peace is like fucking for chastity!
A day without sunshine is..uhm..night, isn't it?
confusing yourself is a way to stay honest
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest? 
Is it bigger than a baby's arm?
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
Have several very old dresses from grandmother in beautiful condition. 
If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat). 
Bubbles are magic because they are spheres; there is no quare magic, magic comes in round.
BRB
there are a finite number of jokes in the universe
What Makes Us So Damn Special?
people look like they are dancing before they love
take your vitamins
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it back in your pocket.
NIGHT WED THE LIQUOR
people are responsible for what they do unless they're insane
Piper Rocks!
Keep your eyes on your fries!
The analogy between the formation of words and the formation of chemical compounds has a                               long tradition in Western philosophy.
often you should act like you are sexless 
Fresno! No one goes to Fresno anymore.
I know that I think, therefore I am beyond thought.
Burning Man is *not* a cult.
guy that bought me the roses: that was very sweet, but why?  
Playing out on thesurfaces of the words
Unfolding falls far before it can rise, and Angels become til we all have eyes.
Create.
it's crucial to have an active fantasy life
Jill thiinks Jack thinks Jill does not see something.
Love: Curing millions more every day.
This is my life, this is my world.
use what is dominant in a culture to change it quickly
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.
"Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts." (Sign hanging in Einstein's office)
PLEASE STAND IN THE BOOTY MARK
Ack! There is no emoticon to express what I am feeling right now!
let your hand wander on the flesh to make possibility multiply
learn to trust your own eyes
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine. 
a little knowledge can go a long way
Patriotism is Just an Accepted form of Discrimination, We Are All HUMAN - Dammit!  BURN ALL FLAGS!
Pee Clear
humor is a release
Suck Dick!  It tastes good!
chloroflourocarbon interaction with ozone only happens at temperatures below -10 degrees centigrade. The ozone holes are not growing. Scientists don't want to tell politicians that they were wrong. How would they react next time the world was doomed?
gyp and gyppy (in OSW and OED2) consist only of letters with descenders.
it's important to stay clean on all levels
A hard-on doesn't count as personal growth.
What the hell is going on here?
we broke the pinyata with kisses and out spilled love
FABULOUS, CUTE, SEXY
i can smell your brains
The newest member of the DIMM Socket Family: 22.5 Degree Angled SO DIMM Socket
hey!  my snake skin jacket!  did i ever tell you that this here jacket is represents a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom?
it has been weeks since I was hung over at work - now i remember why i stopped. at least i had fun last night. My MC: my pillow, some earplugs and a warm comfy blanket. My Reality: my desk, my boss and craig's list venting my life sucks today 
No one needs to know about this except you, me and Mr. Soon-to-be-living-the-rest-of-his-short-ass-life-in-agonizing-pain-rapist here.
For sale: antique desk suitable for lady with thick legs and large drawers. 
Silence is a clock run down...
I feel good, and I'm not scared at all. I just feel kind of... kind of invincible... Is it getting hot in here, or is it just me?
Sleazy, meet Cute. Cute, meet Sleazy.
I got the weirdest email forward the other day -- it's some kind of spell to protect yourself from John Ashcroft.
A tie game is like kissing your sister.
Nobody is a virgin anymore, life has fucked us all.
<django23> I have a stupid question: what does "sendmail" do? <Epesh> django: you're right, that is pretty stupid
Jenny Holzer has demonstrated significant skill in conceiving Jenny Holzer has demonstrated significant skill in conceiving and implementing site-specific                                     installations. 
Why is the word abbreviation so long? 
scientists have invented a love drug, but it only works on bugs
I wanna be a monkey! A monkey, monkey, monkey!!
Sing, dance, frighten little children.
PROGRAM YOURSELF
Seriously! Who the fuck are we fighting, fucking Lex Luthor? When is the goddamn Death Star gonna shoot that big-ass laser at us?
stop stealing my Warren Oates quoates
read the fucking manual
abstraction is a type of decadence
being disconnected from IRC is like having your head dunked in a bucket of cold water.. it's disorientating and you know things have happened but you don't know what
HAIR is a word that as a singular suggests more than its plural.
The Burning Art Gallery Ron Seivertson "The Burning Art Gallery" is an opportunity to exhibit & sacrifice paintings & other similar works, in our gallery on the playa. (no toxics please) Bring out your old drawings & stuff and help refresh the cosmos by recycling all that creative energy. Space may be limited, you can contact us to reserve space. We will need help cleaning up. 
Adopt the pace of nature, her secret is patience.
<Kazz> Do vampires have anuses? Cause that's why I wouldn't let this kid invade a vampire's anus in this RPG, right, I was GMing, and his character was an Anus Shade, with the power to possess and control the anuses of people and animals.. and I figured that vampires don't have anuses. <Zaratustra> a vampire's anus is present, but non-working. <Zaratustra> like a network card without the appropriate driver. <Kazz> Wow. You're the biggest dork on Earth. <Sharkey> And you're DMing an rpg with Anus Shades.
selflessness is the highest achievement
Spirits of good and evil hover near every concealed treasure of the earth.
A waste is a terrible thing to mind.-Yucca Mt. Nevada
The graphic crime-scene photo that stared up at Homicide Inspector Chuck Venturi from the center of his desk was not a pretty picture, though it could have been, Chuck mused, had it only been shot in soft focus with a shutter speed of 1/125 second at
All clowns must be destroyed
We don't give in order to have a bank of "yeses" with people. We do things because we can. We do things because we are good people. -j-ro
when you expect fair play you create an infectious bubble of madness around you
a strong sense of duty imprisons you
Jenny Holzer has demonstrated Jenny Holzer has demonstrated significant skill in conceiving and implementing site-specific                                     installations. 
Next year, leave the dog at home you idiot!
owhatagooseiam
If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is, "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did." 
it's true what they said, burning man sux, go home
I love you. Yes, you.
I am food. I am food. Behold, I am food.
<gnat> this gene produces animals with only one ass. <gnat> i can fix that.
tell me the truth!
your intentions and your actions have universal influence
While most penises have some nice qualities to recommend them, we have to admit that some are just plain gross to look at.
When the going gets weird, the weird go pro (Hunter S Thompson)
When there is a Moon Pie in your messenger bag, you can think of nothing else.
Mrs. Robinson, if you don't mind my saying so, this conversation is getting a little strange.
*** beltic has joined #html <beltic> hey folks.. <beltic> anyone know of a good php chan? <myn> #php <beltic> thanks. *** beltic has left #html
Lost?  Confused?  Alone?  Introduce yourself to a stranger and just be Lost and Confused....
sin is a means of social control
YES
The Department of Redundancy Department
Last year was better.
<{SaTaN}> GOD DAMN IT SUN OF A BITCH STOP CALLING ME SANTA IT IS "SATAN!!!!!!!!!!!!"  <DaRkShaMe> hi santa
The toilet won't flush.
Pseudomonas is the only bacteria that can fake an orgasm.
God is Just Pretend.
*** Hiretsukan has left #verge *** Hiretsukan has joined #verge <andy> do the first half of that trick again.
WARNING: DO NOT LET DR. MARIO TOUCH YOUR GENITALS. HE IS NOT A REAL DOCTOR.
feel the burn
Don't put anything in the porta potties except boneless brown trout
You are beautiful, and I love you.
@x=qw/e n d/;if($kg){$e=13;$_="setrand(@{[int((rand)*90)]});K=vector(2,g,nextprime(random(10^$s)));e=$e;n=K[1]*K[2];d=e^-1%((K[1]-1)*(K[2]-1));";s/s//sg;for(`echo "$_ ennndn"|gp -q`){print$x[$j++],"=",`echo "10i16o$_ p"|dc`}exit}$t=unpack'H*',join'',<>;$l=length$n;$y =$e?$l-2:$l;$i="16dio";while (){$M=($e&&1+int(rand 8)).(substr $t,$p,$y or last);$i.="U$M $k $nE|pc";$p+=$y}for(reverse `echo "$i"|dc`){chop;$d&&s/^(.)//||($_= sprintf"%0${l}s" ,$_);$f.=$_}# print pack'H*',$f
ESCALATOR is one of many words that were originally trademarks but have become ordinary words found in dictionaries. Some other words which were originally trademarks (or still are) are AQUA-LUNG, ASPIRIN, AUTOHARP, BAKELITE, BAND-AID, BREATHALYZER, CELLOPHANE, CORNFLAKES, CUBE STEAK, DACRON, DEEPFREEZE, DICTAPHONE, DITTO, DRY ICE, DUMPSTER, FORMICA, FRISBEE, GRANOLA, GUNK, HEROIN, JEEP, JELL-O, KEROSENE, KLEENEX, LANOLIN, MACE, MIMEOGRAPH, MOXIE, NOVOCAIN, NYLON, PABLUM, PHILLIPS SCREW, PING-PONG, POPSICLE, Q-TIP, ROLLERBLADE, SCOTCH TAPE, SHEETROCK, STETSON HAT, STYROFOAM, TABLOID, TARMAC, THERMOS, TRAMPOLINE, VASELINE, VELCRO, WINDBREAKER, YO-YO, ZIPPER.
...mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life...
As you know, any plain person you chance to meet can prove to be a powerful immortal in disguise come to test you. -Maxine Hong Kingston
"...One of the comforting features of life in this world is that whatever a man has to offer he will somewhere and sometime find a hunger that will be satisfied by his offering...And whether he is a "representative" individual is not particularly pertinent -- the fact that he is a human animal is enough."  Harry Partch, 1949
You wanna french or you wanna fuck?
you hover near lovely unconscious life-forms that offer no immediate resistance
The Minister of Love is calling you out. Toronado?
table manners are for people who have nothing better to do
Mike Tsao is a beautiful man!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Should you remain silent and be thought a fool,]]
FREE BEER @ camp chaos!
I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that.
When in danger or in doubt, Run in circles, Scream and Shout
schools are for training people how to listen to other people
Erica loves Dane
The sky is a lonely place. Just me and the silent clouds.
Fidel Castro: Ahhh, the Americans aren't *so* bad, they named a street after me in San Francisco. .... It's full of *what*?
I don't date the sort of person who would go out with someone like me.
trading a life for a life is fair enough
Just a note to let you know: I already saw it. That forward? I got it. I've gotten it. I do not wish to keep receiving it. I was neither moved nor inspired. It was neither clever nor funny. I was not amazed at the stupidity of that criminal, nor disgusted, appalled, and chagrined by the United States Government. I do not marvel at how inexpensive things used to be, nor am I astonished that kids today don't know about things that happened before they were born. The photo? I had that, too. I have seen two children of any given ethnicity holding hands. I have seen fat ladies in thongs. I saw the bungee jumper crap his pants and I have seen adults covering themselves or others with vomit, urine, and/or beer in any conceivable arrangment with which you would want to provide me. I have no concern for what you consider to be worthy of a MasterCard "Priceless" parody. Intoxication does not amuse me. I will not be starting or stopping the consumption of any product or service due to the information you provided me in your forwarded email. I will not be winning any contest not will I submit any data for market research. I will not be subverting AOL, Microsoft, Disney, the IRS or any other entity through the continued transmittal of your bogus message. I boycott your boycotts. I will not sign up for whatever affiliate program you've got in your email signature. I do not marvel at The Way Things Used to Be. Change your homepage to snopes.com. I do not care about your heart-warming bullshit, for I am a stone and my heart is cold. Genuine friendships are characterized by emails that are written and sent for me and to me. I do not want to be made aware you were thinking of me, I will not stop to smell the flowers, I will not count my blessings, and I live in neither the best nor the worst country on Earth. Jesus and I have a policy of mutual apathy toward one another. That kitten is not cute. Your baby is not the first to walk, talk, or use a toilet. God is a hoax. My answer to your questionnaire is: No. My favorite color is: No. My favorite song is: No. I do not care what tree, dog, fruit, Power Ranger or member of the Mos Eisley Cantina Band I most resemble. There Is No All Your Base. I have seen the End of the Internet page, and that wasn't funny last time, either. I find recitations of "lookit how funny those foreigners are!" xenophobic, trite and tiring. I think I'm done now. Please attribute this to Dave Barry and Kurt Vonnegut and then forward this to everyone in your address book.
I'd like a shoe with cheese, and I'd like you to fondle my grandmother
All the wine you want, Barbies on the bar-be-que, Barbie Death Camp rules!
you must have one grand passion
Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes. 
if it was domestic violence that would mean that someone actually loved me enough to hit me.
<grenmar> alias blah='stuff -v blahblahblah'
Love is the answer.
Careful.  We don't want to learn from this. -- Calvin
Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much.
<jaxon>stop doing things that suck, do more things that don't suck.
Hunger is the teacher of the arts and the inspirer of invention.  -- Persius
I Love You To..
Peep!Eavesdrop!Skulk!Judge!
WhirlywordsWhirlywordsWhirlywords WhirlywordsWhirlywords Whirlywords Whirlywords
The last slip in the file -- added in 1939 -- was marked "plate change imperative/urgent." The entry was deleted, and the space was closed up by lengthening the entry that followed. In 1940 bound books began appearing without the ghost word but with a new abbreviation. In the list of meanings for the abbreviation "D or d" appeared the phrase "density, Physics." Probably too bad, Gove added, "for why shouldn't dord mean density?"
For the  Greeks, the letters had an atomistic and elemental character. The letters were indecomposable:  there was no smaller, more significant, or more basic elements of the cosmic order. 
raise boys and girls the same way
does it get any better?
Larry Harvey built an effigy that he burned for all to see.  Years later here we are in Black Rock Desert under the stars, burning The Man, celebrating life, creating art away from the strife of the place that we live in a vale of tears, the place that we live the rest of the year.  I'd rather be HERE!
Be open to the transformation within.
IF you penis is not fifteen inches then you are not John Holmes.  You are an immitation.  Please write back with your size and measurements so I can judge you.
If you're feeling particularly gymnastic, try Master Tung-hsuan's Hovering Butterflies position.
As you read this, your empty camp is being robbed.
Work at Home Without Forgery: Every day thousands of people just like you are getting started working at home in fields of computer work, sewing, research, crafts, data entry, transcribing, mystery shopping, getting paid for their opinion, telephone work and much more!
I'd like to speak but have no voice.
stupid people shouldn't breed
Power corrupts. Absolute power is kind of neat.
Our friend Peter is so into underarm action that he thought we should devote a while chapter to this.
Follow your bliss.
I am Jack's explosive diarrhea
Order, order. Do you kids wanna be like the real UN or do you just wanna squabble and waste time?
The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee.
POVertree POVertree POVertree POVertree POVertree POVertree POVertree 
I can't remember where I was, but I was somewhere.
IF DRUGS ARE'NT THE ANSWER... REPHRASE THE QUESTION.
I hope it's sunny through the tunnel.
Do you have a heart on?
i'm not some big company -- just a light guy, a drummer, and a burningman fan.
Why did I just step in a wet spot when it didn't rain today?
Don't dream it, be it!
expiring for love is beautiful but stupid
Let the waters settle, You will see moon and stars, Mirrored in your being -- Rumi
If you were a new hamburger at McDonald's, you would be McGorgeous.
I am disrespectful to dirt! Can you see that I am serious?!
are you ready?
Vume Mauricio Bustos http://bustos.org/projects/vume A giant version of the VU Meters that you see on audio equipment. Each 'channel' (right and left) will have ten 15' towers that are strung from top to bottom with multi-colored lights. The towers are arranged outward to either side of a small center stage. The brightness and sequencing of each tower's colors are sensitive to audio input from a microphone mounted on the stage.
What burning man? I don't see a burning man. Is that it over there?
Mixing bowl set designed to please a cook with round bottom for efficient beating. 
Tag! You're Nipsey Russell!
children are the hope of the future
Duct tape is like the Force. It has a light side and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
sometimes science advances faster than it should
"Not everyone can say they've had two Swedes at once."
it can be helpful to keep going no matter what
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man. -HST
Annihilate all rational thought.
Follow the rule of holes: if you are in one, stop digging.
A woman marries a man hoping he will change and he doesn't. A man marries a woman hoping she won't change and she does.
Wherever you go, there you are.
How big is it?
Don't drink and drive. You may ht a bump and spill you drink.
indifference is a powerful personal weapon
I love it when someone drinks with me.
enough en-lightened people at the right time can lead to critical mass - elevating all thought
playtime all the time!
come in, have a seat, grab a drink, stay for a while
Arrrr!
Feel the love.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
Man, honest. Will take anything. 
For sale. Three canaries of undermined sex. 
it's better to be a good person than a famous person
The price of progress comes high at times.
DEEDED, GEGGEE (the victim of a hoax) and SESTETTES have each of their letters appearing three times [Stuart Kidd].
Apu, if it makes you feel any better, I've learned that life is just one crushing defeat after another until you finally just wish Flanders was dead.
Burning Man: Now with even MORE rules!
D.A.R.E. Drugs Are Really Excellent.
Should you remain silent and be thought a fool or open you mouth and remove all doubt?
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them.  I shall use my time.
why are there so many songs about rainbows?
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.  -- Dylan Thomas
Fuck Art! Let's Kill!!
redistributing wealth is imperative
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.   -- George Orwell
stig67: I'm gonna dress like a technicolor American rainbow of lust and disappointment and toasted bread.
Hot Dentist
I am a bright little bug.
the best gifts are not tax deductable
You too will turn to dust
Mary Stuart and Bothwell, sittin in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G.
(with 160 mg of the "R" isomer) A disturbance of baseline at about forty minutes and this lasts for about another hour. Everything is clear by the third hour. 
Leave no trace
it's hard to know if you're crazy if you feel you're in danger all the time now
everything on stage should be larger than in real life 
"[P]roduce....physiological phenomenon....Playa. Please....poem....programmer....please..." 
in this life you've got to use all of your forces
"you can smell it"
How you live your Life is a Choice.  Live it well.
Don't sweat the petty stuff, pet the sweaty stuff.
Stop invoking your pagan "God" and get a job ya damn Hippies!
salvation can't be bought and sold
Fee, fee, fi, fi, fo, fo, fum...
In your face, space coyote!
Please switch to another channel.
got a Razzle magazine
'Dw i ddim yn hoff o wno o gwbl.
Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion!
When religion ruled the world they called it the dark ages.
I'll have the #2 with a large coke.
Fill 'er up!
The heart is the hub of all sacred palces, go there and roam in it.  Sri Nitananda
You're always right here, right now.
...he had felt this odd sense often, a feeling that his confused life did have a significance and a meaning that lay painfully just beyond his grasp like a perpetual word on the tip of the tongue.
Good judgment comes from bad experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
FORTY is the only number which has its letters in alphabetical order. FIRST shares this property [Stuart Kidd]. According to Stuart Kidd, ONE is the only number with its letters in reverse alphabetical order.
"If you take out the killings, Washington actually has a very, very low crime rate." - Marion Barry, Mayor of Washington DC
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
I have nothing to say, and I'm saying it.
The harder you work, the luckier you get
It's a great life if you don't weaken
Bring back the spork!
Define "participation"
Kiss a person close at hand.
There once was a child that was conceived within a young blond American woman who was dancing in Germany, but sleeping on Christmas Holiday in Denmark with an Italian from Croatia. His mother dreamed 2 dreams: She was anxious to learn how to scuba, so one dream was that her toe-headed 10 year-old son-to-be was on a dock getting ready to scuba in a mountain lake. She was walking down to join him in a striped bikini and thought to herself that she could wait. In the other dream, her son was a young man walking by a river, and someone was drowning  he saved the drowning person. Upon awakening, she realized that the one insider her had a destiny and that he would grow and come to life through her. She moved to Greece for his gestation. At birth, everyone wanted to know his name, but everyone hated the name that had come to her  they said he would have to fight because it was so strange. After three days, he got the name that had fallen into her mind and stayed: he became Knut  Scandinavian, his coming place. She found out later that the name meant steadfast and immovable as a rock, some translations say it stands for knot. She imagined a rock in the middle of a rushing river  a holding to hang onto, to be saved by, so as not to be swept away or slip Later, she learned that there was a pagan nobleman named Knut who once lived in Norway. He was ruled over by a King Olaf who tried to force Christianity by killing everyone. Lots of bloodshed. Nobleman Knut lead an uprising and overthrew Olaf and became King and restored paganism and peace and united many lands. Her son's middle name became Alexander  Greek, the place where he grew in her belly. It means helper and defender of mankind. Alexander the Great was the great emperor of Christendom. So her son, this embryo, fetus, infant, boy, youth, man  was her paradox, her dichotomy, because light and darkness followed, swirled, came with him and fled before him. 15 years later, a stranger asked her if she was the one that he had saved.... 
If olive oil comes from olives, where does baby oil come from?
And the flora of the pre-conscious world / Are boiling into space
everything flows
And I said 'Hey, Monster, don't ask me for no three fiddy. I ain't got no three fiddy for you!'
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once. 
Your Beauty and What It Means to Me.
Dust hazard - next 40 miles
Trade was at an end. Floating capital had been withdrawn in great masses from the island. --Macaulay.
Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.
3-year old teacher needed for pre-school. Experience preferred. 
SHAG-FOO: ELECTRIC BOOGALOO!
We were both at the fresh fish counter on Saturday. You told me to cook the shrimp with the tails on. I smiled. I said thanks. I left. I wanted to invite you to have dinner. But then you were gone. I even got out of line. Twice. In hopes that I would bump into you. Another time. In which case I probably still wouldn.t have talked to you. But would have wanted to. Again. Hope to see you or hear from you soon. 
ensure that your life stays is flux
If you go with women don't forget a whip -- Nietzsche
politics is used for personal gain
If you don't turn on to politics, politics will turn on you.
To live is so startling, it leaves little room for anything else.
do what you love, the rest comes. ~Azul
If the cops arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent? 
When there's a will, I want to be in it.
I used to tell myself that my brain was the smartest part of my body, but then I asked myself, Who's telling me this?
rm -rf *
I'm not yelling at you. I'm yelling with you.
Just give up any expectations of yourself. That's a good description of how to meditate.  Pema Chodron
God is a spectator
Managment is not responsible for lost or stolen virginity.
Opal..., you hot little bitch...,
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook - William James
Some days you are the bug; some days you are the windshield.
What you think, you will become.
..As we let our own light shine we unconsciously give other people permission to go the same.  As we are liberated from our own fear our presence automatically liberates others. - Marianne Williamson
Your art is wrong.
Looking California, Feeling Minnesota 
Just think of those not able to be here with us....i'm not even there.damn....E.
nuclear weapons can wipe out life on earth, if used properly
When your pet birds sees you reading the newspaper, does he wonder why you're sitting there, staring at carpeting? 
that afternoon we spent together was worth the $33 parking ticket
It's true, a man can never know what it's like to be a mother, on the other hand, a woman will never know the joy of the Presidency.
People are fucked-up...,except all the really awesome ones!
this is cooler than a high school dance
The city had found a inviolable sanctuary from the temptations of a trading world in the solemn hush of the deep gulf as if within an enormous semicircular and unroofed temple open to the ocean, with is walls of lofty mountains hung with the mourning draperies of cloud.
Fire is man's first and greatest form of entertainment.
why do i have to learn about yet another fucking browser?
Love is the color that's left when you wash the dirt out of time.
TODAY'S HEADLINES: Road-Kill Squirrel Remembered As Frantic, Indecisive ### ... Pharmaceutical Company Says Its New Anti-Depressant Is 'Worthless And Dumb' ### ... Aging Pope 'Just Blessing Everything In Sight,' Say Concerned Handlers ### ... Lilith Fair Performers, Attendees Achieve Largest-Ever Synchronized Ovulation ### ... God Answers Prayers Of Paralyzed Little Boy: 'No,' Says God ### ... Nike To Cease Manufacturing Products- 'From Now On, We'll Focus On Just Making Ads,' Says CEO ### ... Man With Complete Mama's Family Video Library Never Going On eBay Drunk Again ### ... Report: TV Helps Build Valuable Looking Skills ### ... Fairy-Princess Ranks Depleting As Girls Aspire To Be Doctors, Lawyers ### ... Helvetica Bold Oblique Sweeps Fontys ### ... Archaeological Dig Uncovers Ancient Race Of Skeleton People
words tend to be inadequate
Fuck art, let's kill
For those about to Black Rock, we salute you.
Have Light - Will Travel
The curb_gnats of scahu are most certainly flonto.
23 skiddoo
The ark no more now floats, but seems on ground. --Milton.
Not here but always;  Inverting the Vertices;  Stands Time on its Head
I love you.  Do you?
To describe the evolutions in the dance of these gods, their juxtapositions and their advances, to tell which came into line and which in opposition, to describe all this without visual models would be labor spent in vain. -- Plato, "Timaeus"
I love you Eric - my scubafish!
Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
<blinkchik> can i become a bot and how??
Attitudes Begin As Harmless Thoughts
Among the most potent research projects are experiments with institutional structures that enhance capacity for public conversation and directly impact public awareness and policy, particularly those once thought too complex for citizens to understand, but too emergent, far-reaching, and critical to eschew deeply informed public input.
I give you the boy give me back the man 
you have to hurt others to be extraordinary
Never rub your eyes after eating Salty Pringles 
If a stealth bomber crashes in a forest, will it make a sound? 
Weave a circle round him thrice and close your eyes with holy dread, for he on honeydew hath fed and drunk the milk of Paradise.
Money can't buy happiness. But it sure makes misery easier to live with.
for the love of god! have some fun - what else is there really?
I have seen God, and He is Warren Oates
640 K ought to be enough for anybody. - Bill Gates 1981
What do you call fish bones? "Skele-tuna!"
hey! What the fuck?!?!?!?! I would have LOVED to give him a ride...IF I WASN'T RIDING THE BUS THAT HE MISSED!!!!!I couldn't turn the fuckin' bus around could I?
this is revisional history
disorganization is a kind of anesthesia
When you leave your concerns and frustrations somewhere else for long enough, you begin to realize you don't want them back. So you don't take them back. 
Burningman...?...i hope its not all of us.  E
hello nasa have you reached heaven yet
midwesterners are impatient with things that are either too elaborate or too silly 
Okay, who put a stop payment on my reality check?
<yesyouam> Binge drinking is often described as four drinks within an  hour for a female or five drinks in an hour for a male. <yesyouam> that sounds like a recipe for barf. <grenmar> that sounds like a recipe for LOVE.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
BSC Field Arturo Everitt 
dependence can be a meal ticket
'); document.write(' '); document.write('
alienation produces eccentrics or revolutionaries
De la lune viene todo
When it rains, why don't sheep shrink? 
Why stop now, just when I'm hating it?
in Indiana they call ants "aints"
You can't dynamite an interesting name out of a nematologist.
So fare thee well, my bonny lass, so fare thee well a while. And I will come again, my love, though it were ten thousand mile.
I am chaos. I am the substance from which your artists and scientists build rhythms. I am the spirit with which your children and clowns laugh in happy anarchy. I am chaos. I am alive, and I tell you that you are free.
I know! I want to take out a full-page ad in the newspaper: Dear Whoever is Mailing All the Anthrax All Over the Place -- You can be my ruler! Now can I please just forswear alcohol and denounce Israel or whater so I can fucking open my credit card offers without thinking my organs are gonna turn inside-out?
hello hello is there anybody out there?
Wizzard Oasis Bob Marzewski www.wizzard.com/bm2002/oasis.html An oasis WAY out on the playa for those wandering far from town who may need a place to cool off. A 23' dome, carpeted with fake grass with drinkable water and weed sprayers for splashing around in.
Be glad of life, because it gives you the chance to love and to work and to play and to look up at the stars.
If you have not meimslsxp or lgpdmurct by this time, then you should not be in this room.
Whosoever sayeth the Word, say unto him, "you said the Word," and planteth a kiss on his forehead.
He who laughs last thinks slowest!
Better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it
Moon pie my ass! Oh man I just crack myself up sometimes. Geddit? Moon. Ass. Oh the hilarity!
[from a spam email:]  Subject: i swallow (but if you miss my mouth its ok too)
There is no solution...seek it lovingly.
Lick your elbow.  Go ahead, try it!
Is there a word in Klingon for "loneliness"?
The longer I am off a leash the more feral I become...
Come down from there, do you want to break your neck? - Mom
DREAMT is the only common word in English ending in -MT. Others are the obscure adreamt, redreamt, undreamt, or daydreamt.
Has anyone seen my stash, I dropped it earlier, please return to the quiet guy in the corner of center camp.
It was  from these units that the material form of the universe, and the natural world, was constructed
I am a pin boy wizard and i think you have lost your wrist.
How come you never hear about gruntled employees? 
An unbostructed channel of belief and the infinite wisdom of ritual. Sacred understandings of insight among elemental mysteries. The teacher as student and the infinite form of reciprocity.
sunsets are beautiful
Mama likes. Mama likes!
separatism is the way to a new beginning
routine small excesses are worse than the occasional debauch
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
Earth first!  Make Mars our Bitch.
lars is a hottie
Do me now! Do me now! Do me now!
THE QUOTING, WHIRLED Sowbug tqw@sowbug.com Description: See your inspired musings, subliminal messages, and psychedelic patterns sparkle on the Playa at night. THE QUOTING, WHIRLED is a colorful light display. To imagine what TQW looks like, start with Chris Schardt's amazing Spin project from Burning Man 2000. Manufacture smaller versions in mass quantity. Now imagine it's nighttime, and for some reason you're in the ceiling fan section of Home Depot. But instead of whirling ceiling fans, blinking spinners dangle all around you. Thousands of messages, animations, and pictures scroll past you. Seating will be provided if you'd like to stay a while. Let us whirl your quotes! Please visit www.sowbug.com/tqw/and submit your poetry, love letters, song lyrics, college term papers, witty expressions, and nasty IRS notices.
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't more people happy?
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it true.
Your Opinion is No Less Important, Stand Up and Refuse to be Marginalized.
I've got to go to work very early tomorrow. The only thing I might do tonight is some excessive drinking.
most people are not fit to rule themselves
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather.... Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.... 
you owe the world not the other way around
So, all the propaganda American society crams into our brains about getting into shape to find love is really just crap, cause once you find love you get in shape.
You think you use enough dynamite there Butch 
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Help! Help! We're being held prisoner in a system software factory!
If the shoe fits, steal it.
Hey, you! Put that down!
there's nothing redeeming in toil
the more you know the better off you are
How many days have been wasted watching "Days of Our Lives?"
She's always late. Her ancestors arrived on the Juneflower.
You know that Burning Man is a cult, don't you?
Language structures in concrete poetry differ in several respects from poems and texts which                               appear in the flow of literary production in our time.
And now for an amendment saying WE WILL NEVER, EVER, EVER, DEVELOP SOLAR POWER, NO MATTER HOW MUCH FUCKING SENSE IT MAKES! Fucking goddamn sun!
The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word The Floating Word 
Sleazy, meet Cute. Cute, meet Sleazy.
"Greater love hath no man," he said, "than this: that he lay down his wife for a friend. Go therefore and do thou likewise." Thus, or words to that effect, spake Zarathustra, sometime Regius Professor of French Letters at the University of Oxtail. --James Joyce, Ulysses
Do you feel alot more like you do now than you did before?
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open.  - - - Rose Lane
If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason." 
the only time the whole world trys to take you apart is when the whole world is looking at  you and knows.
motrorcycles are the one true way, at least where i am.
be exallent to each other
eno
Barry Harridge reports that in Chambers the eight spellings of CATERCORNER are surpassed by the number of variants for GALLABEA which can also be spelled gallabeah, gallabia, gallabiah, gallabieh, gallabiya, gallabiyah, gallabiyeh, galabea, galabeah, galabia, galabiah, galabieh, galabiya, galabiyah, galabiyeh. Friederike E. Droegemueller adds these spellings: Djellabah, Jellaba, Djallabea, Jalaba, Djelaba. She writes, "I saw all of these spellings, and more, in Morocco. It is, by the way, the same garment, regardless of spelling."
     Values are the infrastructure upon which civilization will be reinvented.          
When you open a new bag of cotton balls, are you supposed to throw the top one away? 
As he gazed over at his aged and sickly wife lying at his side, he remembered the woman he had once known - the vibrant exciting beauty with a heart of gold and a head full of dreams - and instantly wished he had married her instead.
They played my fingerprints with a phonograph needle and listened to a story about some little guy named Wanker who ate spam all day and worked in a shopping mall as Santa's Helper.
Let the Wild Rumpus start!
"Stop!" said the momma fish, "or you'll get lost!" But the three little fishys didn't wanna be bossed.
a relaxed man is not necessarily a better man
Be Just And Fear Not!
<C0chise> i think if you say "dogshit eating," then saying "dumb" is pretty much redundant
Ah, Andy Capp, you wife-beating drunk.
Love the moment and the energy from that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
BELIEVE WHAT YOU KNOW..KNOW LOVE
Anything that happens, happens.
Greenblazer sez "If you knew the TRUTH, you too would be against Marijuana Prohibition!"
Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
I don't suffer from insanity.  I enjoy every minute of it.
dsf
One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.  -- Friedrich Nietzsche
Gwell i ti ac Eleri dacluso'r teganau cyn i chi gael eich cinio chi.
dont be afraid
The only people that should be worried about global warming is jerks that bought oceanfront property to flaunt their wealth. And the politicians those jerks can buy. Everyone else moves to higher ground and buys oranges from Canada. Humans Rule!
pretty and twittery
Ninja!
FICKLEHEADED and FIDDLEDEEDEE may be the longest words consisting only of letters in the first half of the alphabet. Ted Clarke suggests ILLEFFACEABLE, although he admits this word is not in dictionaries. Gary Rosenberg says he coined CABBAGEHEADED for this category. HIGGLEHAGGLED and GIBBLEGABBLED are given by Dmitri Borgmann in Charles Bombaugh's Oddities and Curiosities of Words and Literature, ed. Martin Gardner. The Rec Puzzle Archives gives HAMAMELIDACEAE. Some shorter words are BACKFIELD, BACKFILLED, BLACKBALLED, BLACKJACKED, BLACKMAILED, DECALCIFIED, FEEDBACK, FLIMFLAMMED, HIJACKED, IMMEDICABLE, MACADAMIA, and HIJACKED [Stuart Kidd].
And then kerjillions of stars start to shine, And icy comets go whizzing by, And everthing's shaking with a strange delight, And here it is: The Enormous Night (Laurie Anderson)
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else. 
imposing order is man's vocation for chaos is hell
morals are for little people
bro sans junk, motherfucker, only at burning man!
Shalom. There are five bottles of Jim Beam under my desk -- two are empty and three are full. Come on over.
in the land of the dark, the ship of the sun is driven by the grateful dead
low expectations are good protection
Britney Spears is performing at Camp Kaos at 8pm SHARP!
routine is a link with the past
civilization is religion
Clango Yip Yip Fleenbix Blanochy!
Drop your pants here
deviants are sacrificed to increase group solidarity
You're a Monkey!
HARDER FASTER MORE  HARDER FASTER MORE   HARDER FASTER MORE
The Greatest Thing you'll ever learn is to LOVE and be LOVED in return
mothers shouldn't make too many sacrifices 
INCOMING ENEMY QUAD
Give me ambiguity, or give me something else.
It's always darkest before dawn. So if you're going to steal neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it.
I'm a hopeless Agapephiloerotithiatic - you know what I mean?
*** If she lived, Marilyn Monroe would have turned 75 today. And, after celebrating briefly, spent the rest of the day breaking her nails while clawing at the inside of her coffin.***
Life's too mysterious, don't take it serious!!!
" Well don't come whining to me .  Go tell him you'll poison him right back ." ; Mortishia Addams
Questions are a burden to others.  Answers a prison to oneself.
"Because we don't know when we will die, we get to think of life as an inexhaustible well, yet everything happens only a certain number of times, and a very small number, really. How many more times will you remember a certain afternoon of your childhood, some afternoon that's so deeply a part of your being that you can't even conceive of your life without it? Perhaps four or five times more, perhaps not even that. How many more times will you watch the full moon rise? Perhaps twenty. And yet it all seems limitless."
self-contempt can do more harm than good
This is the dark side of the moon
No Radio - Already Stolen 
I hope this has taught you kids a leason: kids never learn.
Fellatio is over blown
Hotel, motel, Holiday Inn!
On the other hand, I couldn't agree with you more about five otters.
I'm not sticking my head in that!!!
<Frag_> whats a good bench mark program? <Ghaleon> Frag_: deltree /y c:windows <Ghaleon> the longer it takes, the slower your computer is <Ghaleon> (ps, just a joke) <Frag_> uh can i undo deltree?
A:Who are these people?  B: I dunno ... ... A+B: Wait a minute, who are you?
Eat the rich. The poor are tough and stringy.
Ready? I was BORN ready
Among words consisting only of Roman numeral letters, the "highest scoring" Roman numeral words in English (e.g. MerCy = 1100) are MIMIC (2,102) and IMMIX (2012) [Philip Bennett, Stuart Kidd].
do not meddle in the affairs of dragons for you are crunchy and good with ketchup.
if you had behaved nicely the communists wouldn't exist
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
FEAR IS THE ABSENCE OF LOVE.........swiZz
No one is having more fun.
the light of your eyes makes all the difference in the world
If the human brain wasn't so complex that we could understand it. We would be so simple that we couldn't.
Not better just different
Now, women forget all those those things they don't want to remember and remember everything they don't want to forget. The dream is the truth. Then they act and do things accordingly. - Zora Neale Hurston
If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
a man can't know what it's like to be a mother
Then, stop hogging the lovers
Dee Dee Ramone is alive and well and living in Argentina.
As Long as Others are Oppressed, No One is Free.
Dissolver of sugar, dissolve me
Rev 13:16-17 is the Biblical prediction of Bill G and Passport 
"If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you.  This is the principal difference between a dog and a man."--Mark Twain
enjoy yourself because you can't change anything anyway
Size of a Watermelon
sterilization is a weapon of the rulers
<blak> put them back in your pants, everybody is a winner, ok...
you can't fool others if you're fooling yourself
People are a transit system invented by water
(with 200 mg of the "R" isomer) A progression from an alert at thirty minutes to a soft and light intoxication that did not persist. This was a modest +, and I was at baseline in another hour. 
They tell me to burn things.
We are what we pretend to be so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. -Kurt Vonnegut
I don't care who started it, I'm finishing it. - Mom
Womens....Mens
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves" submitted by Majorscapes
Everything I say may be wrong
I am a liar.
TQW is a Burning Man 2002 art project. From a 15-foot high metal structure (A) dangle a couple dozen spinning electronic gizmos (B) with columns of multicolor lights on them. The lights flash on and off in a controlled sequence enabling them to produce fleeting images of text, pictures, and animations, to the delight and amazement of onlookers. A physiological phenomenon called "persistence of vision" is responsible for this effect. If you have ever seen a friend waving a flashlight around at night and noticed that the light looks like a curvy line instead of a dot, then you have witnessed POV in action. Get a computer (C) to control exactly which way those lines curve, and it starts to get interesting.
The truth that can be spoken is not the Truth.
What's so crazy about wanting to shoot Ronald Reagan and fuck Jodie Foster?
emotional responses are as valuable as intellectual responses
Fukui-san!
May the xpu in your ha always be at its best.
(with 120 mg) As the material came on I felt that I was being enveloped, and my attention had to be directed to it. I became quite fearful, and my face felt cold and ashen. I felt that I wanted to go back, but I knew there was no turning back. Then the fear started to leave me, and I could try taking little baby steps, like taking first steps after being reborn. The woodpile is so beautiful, about all the joy and beauty that I can stand. I am afraid to turn around and face the mountains, for fear they will overpower me. But I did look, and I am astounded. Everyone must get to experience a profound state like this. I feel totally peaceful. I have lived all my life to get here, and I feel I have come home. I am complete. 
Do as thou wilt shall be the whole of the law
the snow reached the variance shimmering the last languid report from the field gun
On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero.
it's not good to hold too many absolutes
PISS CLEAR!
if you have anything to contribute, please reply all and let us know.
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself, is it considered a hostage situation? 
stig67: But your eyes are toasters for the bread of our lust!
a name means a lot just by itself
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
We do not tear your clothing with machinery. We do it carefully by hand. 
Perhaps it is a good thing that nature and medicine never got together -- nature could have very easily suffered the many dangerous side effects.
a positive attitude makes all the difference in the world
My heart feels like a frisbee
But alas- I'll take Heaven for the scenery, and Hell for the company.
May I help you?
wear fur, be there!
ambition is just as dangerous as complacency
worrying can help you prepare
have fun, do good, teach others
He ventures out in his pajamas and makes a dreamlike peregrination through the town's deserted streets --Ricard Eder
letting go is the hardest thing to do
I expect the best and I give the best. Here's the beer! Here's the entertainment! Now have fun! That's an order!
Mr. Hooha / Mr Happy / Bunny / Mr. Twinkie / Red Herman, the One-Eyed German / Long John / Little Pete / Little Elvis / Mad Dog / Big Fella / Ralph / Mikey / Rodney / George / Juice / Warhead / Godzilla / El Monstro / the ole Louisville Slugger
If your name is not in the upper left hand corner, I will give you an F.
Making love will make you rich!
Dance your ass off.. and take it easy - just take it easy - just take it easy...
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
Imagination is more important than knowledge -Einstein
leave no regrets
artificial desires are despoiling the earth
Now, who can tell me what this word means?
What it is, is what it is.
ADCOMSUBORDCOMPHIBSPAC is the longest acronym in the 1965 edition of the Acronyms, Initialisms, and Abbreviations Dictionary. It is a Navy term standing for Administrative Command, Amphibious Forces, Pacific Fleet Subordinate Command [Dickson]. Another acronym, PUMCODOXPURSACOMLOPAR, stands for "pulse-modulated coherent Doppler-effect X-band pulse-repetition synthetic-array pulse compression lobe planar array" (from Willard Espy). However, the world's longest acronym according to the Guinness Book of Words is NIIOMTPLABOPARMBETZHELBETRABSBOMONIMONKONOTDTEKHSTROMONT (56 letters, 54 in Cyrillic). Found in the Concise Dictionary of Soviet Terminology, it means: The laboratory for shuttering, reinforcement, concrete and ferroconcrete operations for composite-monolithic and monolithic constructions of the Department of the Technology of Building-assembly operations of the Scientific Research Institute of the Organization for building mechanization and technical aid of the Academy of Building and Architecture of the USSR [Stuart Kidd].
<GaeMan> Chia: Be nice to CAgurl today. <chirpet> I am always nice to CAgurl. I resent the implication. <chirpet> I am nice to everyone. <chirpet> Always. <chirpet> So shut up. <chirpet> pigfucker.
don't quote me
Men are only as loyal as there options
If you're cross-eyed and have dyslexia, can you read all right? 
I'm sorry, I didn't know there was acid on the crackers
An alternate synthesis of 3,4-methylenedioxyphenylacetone starts originally from piperonal. A suspension of 32 g electrolytic iron in 140 mL glacial acetic acid was gradually warmed on the steam bath. When quite hot but not yet with any white salts apparent, there was added, a bit at a time, a solution of 10.0 g of 1-(3,4-methylenedioxyphenyl)-2-nitropropene in 75 mL acetic acid (see the synthesis of MDA for the preparation of this nitrostyrene intermediate from piperonal and nitroethane). This addition was conducted at a rate that permitted a vigorous reaction free from excessive frothing. The orange color of the reaction mixture became very reddish with the formation of white salts and a dark crust. After the addition was complete, the heating was continued for an additional 1.5 h during which time the body of the reaction mixture became quite white with the product appeared as a black oil climbing the sides of the beaker. This mixture was added to 2 L H2O, extracted with 3x100 mL CH2Cl2, and the pooled extracts washed with several portions of dilute NaOH. After the removal of the solvent under vacuum, the residue was distilled at reduced pressure (see above) to provide 8.0 g of 3,4-methylenedioxyphenylacetone as a pale yellow oil. 
brought to you by Chicken and Jojo's
Now when we say there is no there there, we mean San Jose
people are boring unless they're extremists
If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?
dear wrong answer camp, i wish you would help me find my way.  signed, melissa.  <send>
Time is the Fire in which We Burn
If something is not beautiful, it is probably not true.  ~ Keats
trust visions that don't feature buckets of blood
The prescription and theinfinitive are the same:
kenwrench: that american rainbow sure did get you laid a lot last year.
If you sprinkle when you tinkle, be a sweetie and wipe the seatie :)
So, I'm sitting on the bay bridge last night, in crawling traffic, not trying to think about how late I am, cursing the logic and the economics that convinced me to move the east bay, thus forcing upon me the indignity of crossing that infernal body of water (sometimes twice daily), when from out of the smog I hear two female voices in tandem shout a sassy "haay" from a couple of lanes over. Of course I immediately doubted anyone would shout "haay" to me, a goofy dude in a ratty benz, but then they waved, and I waved back. Of course a desperate game of cat-and-mouse ensued, as I tried to get closer to their van to question the meaning of their "haay", yet the sticky traffic would not allow such an investigation, and the ladies disappeared into the sea of license plates. "Shit" - I say to myself. "This is a fucking missed connection!" So, if it was you, thanks! You made my day. That kind of shit just doesn't happen to me, and if more chicks started flirting on the bridge, then the world would be a better place. Yours, Some dude on the fucking bridge 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FUCKER!!!!!!
Hey, look out behind you!
Drink, for you know not where you go, nor why!
extreme self-consciousness leads to perversion
what do you do? <yesyouam> explain subnet masks to the same people over and over. and break firewalls. and smoke. <yesyouam> and chat.
everything that's interesting is new
Those who say it can not be done should not interrupt the person doing it.
"Live as if you will die tomorrow, learn as if you will live forever." - Mahatma Ghandi
Now might be an excellent time to mention an engagement ring, or suggest that trip to Paris you've been wanting,
abuse of power comes as no surprise
there is always a party going on somewhere
Every monkey'd like to be in my place instead of me cos I'm the King of Bongo.
Say that fast ten times.
this is what happens
He would be a bad monkey, if he was a real monkey.
don't run people's lives for them
remember that there are boundaries of decency even in Black Rock City
yes, dear.
pain is growth, growth is pleasure, pleasure is painful, and i'm always growing.
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Das Versuchen, zu erklren was brennender Mann zu jemand ist, das nie zum Fall gewesen ist, ist eine Spitze, wie versuchend, zu erklren, was eine bestimmte Farbe wie zu jemand aussieht, das blind ist.
There's some bad stuff going around. Please do not take the brown acid. LOOK OUT BEHIND YOU!
"The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return." - Eden Ahbez
hey you! this is the heavy heacy monster sound, the nuttiest sound around. So if you're comin off the street, and you're beginning to feel the heat, well listen, Buster...you'd better start to move your feet! To the rockinest, rocksteady beat of Madness! One step beyond!
Why does your nose run and your feet smell? 
ignoring enemies is the best way to fight
I remember when they let you burn things....
holding back protects your vital energies
WITH MAN GONE WILL THERE BE A HOPE FOR GORILLA? WITH GORILLA GONE WILL THERE BE A HOPE FOR MAN?
Vacation Special: have your home exterminated. 
the mundane is to be cherished
using force to stop force is absurd
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
I don't always believe everything I say...
Look!  I'm giving a cigarette to a baby.
Miss Golightly... floated round in their arms light as a scarf (Truman Capote)
don't get strung out by the way i look, don't judge a book by its cover.
An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind
diggin them leather pants
According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist. 
HONORIFICABILITUDINITATIBUS is the longest word consisting entirely of alternating vowels and consonants.
The world wasn't made in a day,but still there's only today..Eric B.
Illiterate? Write today for free help. 
Welcome to the new millenium - it's gonna be a long one.
spank me, spank me NOW!!!
Ga' i 'sanau?
In Catholic Seminary, the way to separate the men from the boys is with a crowbar.
Winky closed his eyes and stretched. Luxurious pleasure in the warm summer's air.
Right now, open your eyes. Right now, breath deeply and sigh.
There is no flag large enough to cover the shame of killing innocent people.
We need more secret sauce! Put this mayonnaise in the sun!
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
Look Ma, no Hans!
you are caught thinking about killing anyone you want
Don't be a spectator.  Be a spectacle.
Reality is so big that we must protect ourselves from it. We make rooms, then hang pictures on the walls and think that what's outside must surely be a picture, too. But the rising tide of reality overspreads our boundaries. Our little worlds, in truth, are ships that float upon a sea. In the year 2002, we will cast off from the shore. The Black Rock Desert will become an ocean, a deep and perilous span, forever filled with the unexpected. Our theme is about how we find our way through the world and what we seek and value in it. Prepare for a voyage of discovery.   
BTB 2002 You Rock!
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK
And real love is, in many ways, the catalyst of human consciousness created through receptive intellect, cultivated will, and the entrained heart that promotes our participation in the recursions of Gaian self-awareness and self-organization, and allows us to play more fully our deeper roles in the maintenance and evolution of this collected planetary organism we could call "life".
It can happen here...
And they all lived happily ever after. The End
08 14 02  dropping the royal "we." kinda silly.
They laugh at me because I am different; I laugh at them because they are all the same.
YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE YOUR MESSAGE HERE 
relativity is no boon to mankind
I heard two claps of thunder this afternoon/I didn't see the lightening. Well, we hear - / sometimes we see. Which doesn't mean there is / a world or we are. But something is. -William Bronk
If you burn it, they will come
WAS THAT YOUR COCK?
<tbp> I never trusted James Earl Jones after that Vader shit.
Just what is it that makes today's homes so different, so appealing?
<kingmob> lisa is being very resistant to this whole "dreadlock" thing probably concerned about all the fly bitches i'll have
I see you there sometimes and sometimes our eyes meet. You have the prettiest eyes. We run in opposite directions and I always catch my breath when I see you coming, and run a little faster to impress you. I try to predict when our paths will cross again on the opposite side of the lake. Thanks for making my runs more enjoyable.
life is complicated. if it doesnt seem complicated, youre not doing it right.
show your booty, win a prize
It is not enough to conquer, one must know how to seduce.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat? 
I'm trying to get out of the art world and go someplace else. 
cats like houses better than people
Julie: Who did I get these breasts from? / Julie's Mom: Your dad?
It really all okay. R E A L L Y.
casino queen, my lord you're mean
Willkommen sie zur Gift Okonomie!
I'm a great lover, I bet.
Those are the worst tits I have ever seen
people won't behave if they have nothing to lose
World domination within 12 months.
Lately I find myself wishing that, instead of paper, it was a scrap metal of inside my ear.
Lighten up, Francis.
Passion is the portal to pleasure
